The Administration of Union Territory Daman and Diu has revoked its order that made it compulsory for women to tie rakhis to their male colleagues on the occasion of Rakshabandhan on August 7. The administration was forced to withdraw the decision within 24 hours of issuing the circular after it received flak from employees and was slammed on social media. 
Malaika Arora slammed an Instagram user who trolled her for " divorcing a rich man" and " having fun with the alimony" . " Her life now is all about wearing short clothes, going to gym or salon, enjoying vacation[ s] , " the user commented. Malaika responded, " You certainly got to get your damn facts right before spewing sh* t on me. . . when you know nothing about me. " 
The Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences ( IGIMS) in Patna on Thursday made corrections in its Marital Declaration Form by changing ' Virgin' option to ' Unmarried' . Earlier, Bihar Health Minister defined virgin as being an unmarried woman and did not consider the term objectionable. The institute, however, faced strong backlash for asking new recruits to declare their virginity in the form. 
Lashkar- e- Taiba' s Kashmir commander Abu Dujana, who was killed by security forces, said " Kabhi hum aage, kabhi aap, aaj aapne pakad liya, mubarak ho aapko ( Today you caught me. Congratulations) " after being caught. He added that he will not surrender, and whatever is in his fate will happen to him. " Hum nikley they shaheed hone ( had left home for martyrdom) , " he added. 
Hotels in Maharashtra will train their staff to spot signs of sex trafficking, including frequent requests for bed linen changes and ' Do not disturb' signs left on room doors for days. A mobile phone app called Rescue Me, which will allow staff to alert police of suspicious behaviour, will be developed. The initiative has been backed by the Maharashtra government. 
A 32- year- old man on Wednesday was found hanging inside the washroom of a Delhi police station after he was called for interrogation. His family alleged that he could have been emotionally and physically tortured. Police said the man was named as a suspect in the kidnapping case of a married woman with whom he had been in a relationship earlier. 
The Delhi High Court reduced the compensation awarded to a motor accident victim by 45% after it found negligence on the part of both parties. A compensation of ? 10 lakh was earlier awarded to the victim. The court observed, " It' s possible despite the vehicle being driven in permissible limit, an accident can occur when a jaywalker suddenly appears on road. " 
A 60- year old Dalit woman was allegedly lynched in Agra after villagers thought that she was behind the recent cases of chopping hair of sleeping women. The family members of the woman who left home around 4 am on Wednesday said, " She pleaded that she had lost her way but they took her as one responsible for chopping women hair. " 
An inquiry by the Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau found that the Pawan Hans helicopter was flying at a critically low height, resulting in its crash near Bombay High in 2015. The report further mentioned that the instructor, despite being aware of the low height, did not take control of the helicopter after the trainee pilot wasn? t able to manage the situation. 
The Congress party has opened a bank called ' State Bank of Tomato' in Uttar Pradesh' s Lucknow, in a protest against the rising prices of the vegetable. People can get interests on deposits and also get vegetables on loan in the bank. " I have deposited 0. 5 Kg tomatoes, will get 1 kg after 6 months, " said a man. 
India' s food regulator Food Safety and Standards Authority of India ( FSSAI) is planning to create a network to collect leftover food and provide it to the needy. It is looking to connect with organisations which can collect, store and distribute leftover food from weddings and large parties. It further added that all food must meet the safety and hygiene standards. 
The mother of Harshit Sharma, the class 12 Chandigarh boy who got a hoax job offer call from Google, said that the incident " devastated" his life. He got a call, after which he shared the information with the school principal, who sent out a press release. Harshit is hospitalised since Google denied giving him a job, his mother added. 
Municipal Corporation of Gurugram on Wednesday said that 19 out of 45 commercial building owners have decided to pay property tax instead of providing free parking to the public. Notably, MCG earlier offered a property tax waiver for building basements if they were used to provide free parking. However, the owners allegedly said that revenues from parking profited them more. 
Scientists, for the first time, successfully freed embryos of a piece of faulty DNA that causes a fatal heart disease to run in families. The disease, called hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, causes the heart to stop suddenly and is the result of an error in a single gene. The breakthrough could lead to preventing 10, 000 disorders that are passed down the generations. 
A Union Minister of State for Home Affairs informed the Lok Sabha on Wednesday that Delhi' s 2, 297 residential buildings under the Central Public Works Department were found to be " unsafe" . Another 124 buildings under the New Delhi Municipal Council were identified as dangerous. The authorities said that they conduct surveys of unsafe buildings every year and undertake required actions. 
The Supreme Court today refused to stay the exercise of NOTA ( none of the above) option in the Gujarat Rajya Sabha elections scheduled to take place on 8 August. The SC further said that the issue would be heard as a constitutional question ? whether NOTA would apply to election of council of states. 
Tanveer Hussain, a 24- year- old Indian athlete from Kashmir, has been indicted in the US on charges of sexually abusing a minor girl, during a visit to the US for a snowshoe competition. An Essex County jury has charged Hussain with one count of first- degree sexual abuse and two counts of endangering the welfare of a child. 
Bomb squads and canine teams were rushed to check a package recovered in the cargo hold area of Delhi airport on Wednesday. Officials later declared the area safe, adding, " the suspect item was nothing but some spare parts of company Maruti. " Its X- ray image had raised suspicion among airport staff. 
Defending the IGIMS marital declaration form, Bihar Health Minister Mangal Pandey said he checked the meaning of virgin in dictionary, wherein it meant unmarried woman and he did not find anything objectionable in it. Pandey added that he discussed the issue with the management, who informed him that the format used was same as AIIMS' and was being used since 1983. 
The members of a Norwegian anti- immigrant group have been trolled for mistaking a photograph of six empty bus seats for a group of women wearing burqas. The post, shared on the closed Facebook group Fedrelandet viktigst ( Fatherland first) , garnered comments like " Get them out of our country" and " Could be terrorists. " It was shared on the group as a prank. 
A newborn boy in Maharashtra' s Thane was found to be ' pregnant' with own half- formed twin that was feeding off the boy' s blood supply. The doctors said that it was a very rare condition called ' fetus in fetu' with less than 200 such cases recorded till date. The doctors successfully operated to remove the 7- cm fetus that weighed 150 gram. 
The North Delhi Municipal Corporation has said that the Ring Road and Aurobindo Marg near AIIMS and Safdarjung Hospitals will be declared a no- hawker zone. The move is aimed at streamlining traffic movement outside the hospitals so that patients, doctors, and ambulances coming to the medical institutes get easier access and other commuters do not face any hassle. 
Over 400 farmers from Greater Noida and adjoining areas protested in Dadri seeking immediate release of 39 farmers arrested on Friday for stopping a passenger train and blocking movement on the Delhi- Howrah railway track for an hour. The arrested farmers had been demanding more compensation for land being acquired by the government for construction of the Eastern Peripheral Expressway. 
Investigators have released pictures showing how close an Air Canada flight came to crashing onto four planes at a US airport last month. Its pilots mistakenly descended towards a taxiway, where four planes were parked, instead of the runway before aborting the landing. Investigators said the incident came within a few feet of becoming one of the worst aviation disasters. 
Two sunbathers, a 56- year- old man and an eight- year- old girl, were killed on Wednesday when a light plane struck them while making an emergency landing at a beach in Portugal. The others had run into the sea to save themselves. The two occupants of the plane, which appeared to be in difficulty and had a partly broken left wing, were unhurt. 
The Saudi- led coalition in Yemen is blocking deliveries of jet fuel to UN planes bringing humanitarian aid to the rebel- held capital Sanaa, UN officials said. Aid efforts were also hampered by delays and refusals of visas by the Yemeni government, officials added. The Saudi- led coalition has been involved in Yemen' s civil war backing the Yemeni government against the Houthi rebels. 
The US Air Force on Wednesday successfully launched an unarmed intercontinental ballistic missile from California, the fourth such test this year. The test will show the readiness and effectiveness of the weapon system, officials said. The launch comes amid concerns over North Korea which recently tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles which it claims has the range to reach the US. 
The remains of a German hiker, who disappeared while climbing in the Swiss Alps 30 years ago, have been found embedded in a glacier, police officials said. The remains were found by two people climbing the Lagginhorn mountain, they added. Recently, bodies of a Swiss couple who went missing 75 years ago were found perfectly preserved in the Alps. 
Veteran actor Dilip Kumar has been admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai, following kidney complications and dehydration. The doctors treating the 94- year- old actor have said that he is stable and currently recuperating in the general ward while adding, " There is no cause for concern. " The veteran actor had also been hospitalised twice last year due to medical reasons. 
The Mangrove Society of India has listed Mumbai' s two mangrove wetlands? Airoli and Vikhroli, among twelve unique mangrove forests in India. The twelve locations were selected to help conserve different mangrove species, and establish them as international tourism destinations, officials said. " Mangrove forests can sequester carbon 10 times more than tropical forests, " they added. 
Jammu and Kashmir Police have approached the Pakistan High Commission asking them to claim the body of Lashkar- e- Taiba commander Abu Dujana, who was killed by security forces on Tuesday. Notably, this is the first time the authorities have approached the High Commission asking them to claim the body of any Pakistani national killed in an anti- militancy operation in the state. 
Abu Ismail, mastermind of the Amarnath Yatra attack, will reportedly replace Abu Dujana as the Kashmir division chief of Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) . Dujana was killed by the security forces on Tuesday after a seven- hour gunfight in south Kashmir' s Pulwama district. Notably, eight pilgrims were killed and 18 were injured in the Amarnath Yatra attack last month. 
Explaining his frequent visits to golf clubs, US President Donald Trump told his New Jersey golf club members that he spends so much time away from Washington DC because the White House is a ' real dump' , according to reports. Notably, the White House is the most expensive house in the US and is worth almost $ 400 million. 
A self- styled email prankster, known as @ SINON_ REBORN on Twitter, has fooled recently- fired White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci thrice. The prankster fooled Scaramucci by posing as recently- fired Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, as a Russian envoy and finally as one of his friends. The prankster said he targeted Scaramucci because he had used mental health issues as a " put down" . 
A UK- based doctor, Manish Shah, has been charged with 118 sexual offences, the Metropolitan Police said on Wednesday. Shah has been accused of 65 counts of assault by penetration and 52 allegations of sexual assault, police officials added. He has also been charged with one count of sexual assault on a child under 13. 
US President Donald Trump' s campaign could not have colluded with Russia because the team was too dysfunctional and disorganised to coordinate with a foreign government, the President' s son- in- law and senior adviser Jared Kushner has claimed. Notably, Kushner had acknowledged four meetings with Russians during and after Trump' s presidential bid and insisted that he had " nothing to hide" . 
A woman lawmaker of Pakistan Tehreek- e- Insaf ( PTI) party, Ayesha Gulalai, has accused party leader Imran Khan of harassing women leaders in the party and sending them obscene text messages. " My integrity matters to me the most and I cannot compromise when it comes to my honour and dignity, " Gulalai said announcing her resignation from the party. 
Harry Potter author JK Rowling has apologised for a series of tweets in which she falsely accused US President Donald Trump of refusing to shake the hand of a child in a wheelchair during an event last week. Rowling was slammed for not removing the tweets from her social media account after her comments were proved to be incorrect. 
Substantial presence of PM1, reportedly the most dangerous particulate matter, has been found in areas around Delhi' s Lodhi Road, a study by System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research said. Its presence in the Central Delhi area may be attributed to the huge flow of vehicles since the particulate matter is a product of vehicular pollution, reports said. 
The Ghaziabad Police has booked 14 people including 3 Congress workers for resorting to violence during protests in front of the Ala Hazrat Haj House on Monday. Nearly 500 protesters had pelted stones at the police during the protest demanding that the facility be opened to pilgrims immediately. The facility has remained sealed since its inauguration last year. 
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has said that US President Donald Trump has told him they would rather go to war to destroy North Korea than allow it to develop nuclear- armed missiles. Adding that he prefers a diplomatic approach to solve the North Korean threat, Graham claimed, " There is a military option. To destroy North Korea' s programme and North Korea itself. " 
Comedian Sunil Pal, in a Facebook video, has accused filmmaker Anees Bazmee and his friend Mayur Barot of not paying Sunil his fees for a stage show. He said he had been invited by them to perform at a family function eight months ago. Sunil added that he is planning to take legal action against them. 
The United States on Wednesday announced that the ban prohibiting its citizens from travelling to North Korea will take effect from September 1. " All United States passports are declared invalid for travel to, in, or through the DPRK unless specially validated for such travel, " the restriction read. The ban will remain in effect for one year. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that a " proper decision" would be taken on Air India' s future and it would be in government' s interest to protect jobs at the airline. Noting that the airline has debt of over ? 50, 000 crore, he said it is " not small" and " now we have to decide what has to be done with Air India" . 
UK roadside repair firm AA on Tuesday lost over £ 200 million ( nearly ? 1, 690 crore) or nearly a fifth of its value. This came after shares fell as much as 18% during the day after it fired its Executive Chairman Bob Mackenzie with immediate effect for ' gross misconduct' . However, his son said he resigned over an ' extremely distressing mental health issue' . 
According to reports, yoga guru Ramdev and actress Sonakshi Sinha will be part of the judging panel on upcoming reality show ' Om Shanti Om' . The show will be aired on Life OK, which is set to re- brand itself as Star Bharat. The judging panel will also include singers Shekhar Ravjiani and Kanika Kapoor. 
Actor Naseeruddin Shah, while talking about the controversy around ' Lipstick Under My Burkha' , said that one needs to ask a psychiatrist why the Censor Board is afraid of female sexuality on screen. He added, " It' s very frightening to see that the Censor Board can do whatever it wants and practise its biases openly and ban films that it does not like. " 
Amitabh Bachchan has said that the opportunity of catching up on sleep on a film' s set for actors is a rare and gifted moment in the script. While sharing a picture of him sleeping for a film scene, Bachchan added, " My sleep was genuine, they actually had to come and wake me up to tell me that it was over. " 
A video of a policeman thrashing a vendor outside a passport office in Punjab' s Ludhiana has gone viral. The victim, who sells file covers at a makeshift stall, was beaten by the cop after he reportedly refused to pay ? 100 bribe. After the video went viral, Ludhiana Police Commissioner RN Dhoke initiated a departmental inquiry against the cop. 
A Mumbai court has convicted 15 Somali pirates to 7 years of imprisonment in a 2011 case. The pirates were found guilty of attempt to murder and kidnapping for taking 22 people hostage on board a commercial ship from Thailand. This is one of the four cases registered against 120 Somali pirates, for holding 91 people from different countries hostage. 
A teacher of a private school in Haridwar district of Uttarakhand has been accused of stripping two girls in front of the class for performing poorly in a test held for English subject. While the parents of the girls lodged a complaint against the teacher and the school management, the allegation has been refuted by the school authorities. 
TMC leader Dinesh Trivedi has said that successive governments have " short changed" Air India by treating it like their private properties. Trivedi urged the government to reconsider its decision to privatise it. " As the government operates BSNL and MTNL in communications and Doordarshan and All India Radio in broadcasting, it should have a national carrier as well, " he added. 
UK tobacco company British American Tobacco ( BAT) is being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office ( SFO) over allegations about involvement in bribery and corruption in Africa. BAT has denied allegations of a whistleblower who handed over multiple documents to SFO. However, BAT has said it is cooperating with UK authorities as campaigners are now urging US government to act. 
Comedian and television show host Kapil Sharma has said that he is not suffering from depression, while adding, " It' s just a big term for me. " He added that apart from low blood pressure, he is not facing any health issues and is feeling perfectly fine now. Kapil also clarified he has no stress and pressure regarding The Kapil Sharma Show' s TRP. 
The release of the Shraddha Kapoor starrer ' Haseena Parkar' , which was scheduled for August 18, has been postponed. Director Apoorva Lakhia said, " We collectively decided to postpone the film so that it can get enough screens and a worthy run at the box- office. " Earlier, the film' s release was shifted to August 18 to reportedly avoid a clash with ' Jagga Jasoos' . 
Actor Prateik Babbar, while speaking about dealing with drug addiction, said substance abuse is like a bad marriage. " [ E] ven after you quit, it haunts you for a while till people start noticing the turnaround, " he added. Prateik further said, " Addiction is not a moral failing, it does not make you a bad person even if you have made a poor choice" . 
Producer of ' Babumoshai Bandookbaaz' Kiran Shroff, while talking about sexist comments she faced, has said that a Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) member asked her how she could make a film like this being a woman. A male member added, " But she is not a woman. Look at what she is wearing. " Kiran said that such thoughts were regressive. 
Actress Sana Khan, while speaking about Salman Khan hugging her on the red carpet at an awards show, said she cannot believe that a normal hug was trending. " People just blew it out of proportion because [ Salman] had closed fists, and some dumb people even called it an awkward hug, " she added while slamming those who trolled her. 
Dia Mirza, while talking about being trolled on social media, said she used to get frightened by the rape and acid attack threats she received online for expressing her opinion. Dia added, " Elements. . . who are faceless and nameless. . . who harass people, ( don' t) need to be taken seriously. . . we need to be like ducks and let ( trolling) be like water sliding off our backs. " 
Comedian Sunil Grover has said that there is no need for a mediator to resolve the feud between him and Kapil Sharma. " I know [ Kapil] very well. Why do I need someone else to sort things between us? " he added. Sunil further said, " Anyway, the best part is that the comedy did not stop and it is continuing from both ends. " 
Authorities have removed the copies of the Bible and Quran placed near APJ Abdul Kalam' s memorial in Rameswaram in Tamil Nadu, following a complaint. Kalam' s relatives had placed the books alongside the sculpted Bhagavad Gita placed near the statue before its inauguration. Later, a Hindu nationalist party filed a complaint saying keeping them without permission is wrong. 
A 25- year- old man was on Wednesday assaulted by a mob which allegedly found him in a compromising position with a woman at a government- run centre in Bokaro, Jharkhand. The victim, found unconscious when police rescued him from the mob, has suffered multiple injuries on his head, neck, legs and back. The man is reportedly battling for life in a hospital. 
The Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences ( IGIMS) in Bihar' s Patna has asked its employees to declare their virginity and number of wives/ husbands in a marital declaration form. Further, the form spelt bachelor as ' bechelor' . " This is not a new form and has been in practice since 1984 when IGIMS was established, " Deputy Medical Superintendent Dr Manish Mandal said. 
Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation is planning to redevelop eight entry points of Mumbai' s Juhu beach in the second phase by August- end, authorities said. As per the plan, each entry point will have five metre high walls, and steps with railings among others. While residents welcomed the move, an activist said that any beautification should not affect " the natural feel of the beach" . n 
Kriti Sanon, when asked about ' Hate Story' actress Bhairavi Goswami' s tweet saying Kriti is a " deranged actress" with " no headlight" and " no bumper" , enquired who Bhairavi is. She further said, " I' m just happy for her. She got a lot of publicity. Now you guys know her name also" . Bhargavi had also commented that even college students look better than Kriti. 
Actor Tom Hiddleston will star in a play on William Shakespeare' s ' Hamlet' , which will be directed by Kenneth Branagh. The production aims to raise money for the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, the drama school attended by Hiddleston. Tickets will be available through a lottery and winners will be able to collect them only on the day of the performance. 
Egypt' s highest Islamic authority Al- Azhar Al- Sharif has opened a fatwa kiosk at Cairo metro to offer commuters religious advice in an effort to counter extremism. A sheikh said, " We usually talk about the issues of daily life, and what religion says about such things. The topics we mostly discuss are marriage, divorce and inheritance. " 
PM Narendra Modi took a wristwatch by British company Sekonda and a decorative porcelain from the external affairs ministry' s repository this year. All gifts received by ministers and officials have to be deposited at the repository, called toshakhana. However, a recipient can take home gifts valued under ? 5, 000. 
The Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport ( BEST) is planning to shift its 20- year- old museum from Wadala to Byculla zoo in Mumbai, authorities said. " The museum is far away, and people have often complained they don? t visit as the travel is a pain, " said an official. The authorities expect that the shift will bring in more visitors and revenues. 
Priyanka Chopra has shared a picture with singer Bryan Adams on Instagram which she captioned, " Was so good to see you again. " Priyanka and Bryan came together to support the organisation ' Hear The World Foundation' , which works for people with hearing disabilities. Adams is known for songs like ' Summer of 69' and ' ( Everything I Do) I Do It for You' . 
The Income Tax Department recovered ? 5 crore in cash from Karnataka minister DK Shivakumar' s Delhi residence after it raided 39 places linked to the in- charge of hospitality for 44 Gujarat Congress MLAs in Bengaluru. Meanwhile, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said, " In order to meet political conspiracies, I- T department has been used. This is not fair in politics. " 
Actress Swara Bhasker, while addressing pay disparity in Bollywood, has said that if as an actress, she works for as many days as an actor, then she should also expect an equal amount of pay. Swara added, " If you see in Hollywood, women are taking up this whole question of equality. . . so why cannot Bollywood take its cue from them? " 
Costumes worn by actors Judi Dench and AIi Fazal during the shooting of the film ' Victoria & Abdul' will be displayed at Queen Victoria' s home, the Osborne House in the UK. They will go on display for public Friday onwards. Most of the scenes from the film were also shot in the same house. 
Filmmaker Imtiaz Ali has revealed that when he first met Shah Rukh Khan, a drunk girl was hanging on to him. " It was in London for a film festival. . . He was dealing with her so gracefully without demeaning her, " he added. Imtiaz further said, " Gauri ( SRK' s wife) was also with him and everybody was trying to deal with this crazy fan" . 
Yogi Adityanath government has approved making the registration of marriages compulsory for all religions and castes in Uttar Pradesh. The approval comes in wake of a 2006 Supreme Court' s verdict, which asked Centre and state governments to draft rules for making marriage registration compulsory. Reportedly, ? 10 fine will be levied for delay up to a year and ? 50 beyond that. 
The National Green Tribunal ( NGT) on Tuesday directed the irrigation departments of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh to remove debris from the Yamuna floodplains within three weeks. The NGT added that any ? inaction on part of authorities cannot be tolerated? . Notably, the Tribunal has reconstituted the Principal Committee responsible for overseeing the execution of the Yamuna cleaning project. 
Speaking ahead of his final appearance on the field at the upcoming world championships, eight- time Olympic gold medallist Usain Bolt warned his fellow athletes that they must stop doping otherwise track and field will die. On being asked about how he would feel in the 100m final at the upcoming world championships, Bolt said, " Unbeatable and unstoppable" . 
A minor fire broke out in the basement of former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dixit' s house in Delhi' s Nizamuddin on Wednesday morning. " We got a call at around 9: 30 am about a fire. We sent two fire tenders to the spot. The electricity metre board had caught fire, " said a fire official. No damages have been reported in the incident. 
A woman in Kerala' s Kochi area bit off the tongue of a neighbour on Monday night when he allegedly tried to rape her. The woman filed a police complaint against her 30- year- old neighbour and produced a two centimetre strip of the tongue at the police station. The accused allegedly had similar charges against him earlier. 
A 15- year- old Haryana girl has been found to be seven- months pregnant after two of her cousins allegedly raped her several times. The incident came to light after she complained of stomach ache and was taken to the hospital on July 29. The police have arrested one of the accused, who is a juvenile, while the other is on the run. 
Actress Koena Mitra has filed a sexual harassment complaint after receiving lewd phone calls from a stranger. The man reportedly kept calling her, offered her money for a night out and verbally abused her. " From July 24, I started getting calls from random numbers, " said Koena. She decided to approach the police when the calls did not stop coming. 
As many as 22 of 29, or 76% of ministers in the new Bihar cabinet face criminal charges against them, higher than the 19 ministers ( 69% ) in the previous Grand Alliance government. Further, 21 ministers ( 72% ) are crorepatis, a little less than 22 ( 79% ) in the previous government. Also, a minister in the new cabinet earns an average ? 2. 46 crore. 
Lakshmibai College will be the first college in the University of Delhi to start a crèche facility for the children of its teaching and non- teaching staff in August. College principal said the teachers would be able to focus more on their work without worrying about the children. The crèche will consist of two rooms, a pantry, and a play area. 
An ongoing study has found that vehicles traveling on " average" , crowded roads consumed nearly one- and- a- half times more fuel per kilometre compared to ? good? , fuel- efficient roads in Delhi and its suburbs. The motorists hence end up spending more, said a member associated with the study. The cumulative wastage of fuel would allegedly be an extra burden on India? s oil imports bill. 
Team India will play a record 23 home matches this year from September to December, the BCCI announced on Tuesday. India will host Australia, New Zealand and Sri Lanka during the season, with the team playing a total of three Tests, 11 ODIs and nine T20Is at home. Thiruvananthapuram and Barsapara in Assam may be added as Test venues. 
Google has clarified that it has no " information on [ its] records with respect to Harshit Sharma' s candidacy" , after a news about the tech giant hiring the class 12 Chandigarh boy went viral. It was reported that Harshit would get ? 4 lakh monthly as trainee graphic designer, and ? 12 lakh monthly after the training completes in a month. 
A female teacher in Odisha was suspended on Tuesday for allegedly getting a massage by a schoolgirl on school premises. The teacher, Bharati Meher, said the incident took place around two years ago when she told a class eight student she had a headache and the latter offered to massage her head. A video of the incident went viral online. 
Passengers were stranded on Greek island Zakynthos for days after their easyJet plane developed technical difficulties on Sunday and a replacement plane could not fly in due to mating turtles. A flyer said there was no easyJet representative and passengers were forced to wait through " hours of nothingness. " The airport has a night curfew to protect vulnerable loggerhead turtles breeding nearby. 
A picture of Sushant Singh Rajput in a spacesuit at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA) has been shared on Twitter by producer Viki Rajani. The actor has started undergoing training for his role as an astronaut in the upcoming film ' Chanda Mama Door Ke' . Directed by Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan, the film will release on January 26, 2018. 
A Sri Lankan national was arrested for allegedly using a fake ticket to enter a terminal at the Delhi Airport on Monday, officials said. CISF personnel had found the accused, identified as Nuwan U Fernando, roaming suspiciously inside the terminal- III building. Fernando told officials he had used a cancelled ticket to enter the airport terminal to see off his mother. 
Gurugram police on Saturday midnight rescued twenty people who were trapped in a mall lift for nearly 90 minutes. Police said that two out of six women fell unconscious in the lift due to lack of oxygen. Some trapped people had reportedly contacted the elevator control room, but the police were called when the staff could not fix the technical glitch. 
Passengers and cabin crew got into an argument on Tuesday after a Delhi- Bengaluru SpiceJet flight was repeatedly delayed. Passengers, including children, reportedly sat inside the aircraft for hours while no reason was given for the delay. The flight was scheduled to depart at 8: 55 pm, while passengers were reportedly accommodated on a different aircraft that departed at 12: 25 am. 
A 25- year- old man from Jammu and Kashmir accused of rape committed suicide after the Panchayat directed him to drink urine of the victim. Police said he also recorded an audio clip before killing himself, wherein he claimed of never raping the girl. The Panchayat' s initial direction was to compensate the girl' s family with money, which the man refused, police added. 
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Tuesday said that the newly adopted online assessment system delayed the declaration of Mumbai University results. He added that the government will implement technological changes systematically and in phases to avoid similar problems in the future. Notably, 14 lakh out of the 17. 5 lakh answer sheets have been evaluated so far. 
Shops at the domestic terminal of Delhi Airport have been relocated to provide additional space for seamless passenger movement, MoS for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha said on Tuesday. This comes after a draft report by the Public Accounts Committee said lesser space for passengers due to shops and restaurants could hamper passenger movement during a mishap. 
The US Air Force is negotiating with Boeing to purchase two 747- 8 jetliners once built for Russian airline Transaero, which went bankrupt before the planes were delivered. The jetliners will be used as the new Air Force One and its backup. Air Force One is the aircraft that carries the President of the United States. 
The Allahabad High Court on Tuesday said it would hear fresh appeals filed by Rajesh and Nupur Talwar challenging their conviction in the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help, Hemraj. The court said it would hear the matter again due to " contradictions" in some submissions made by the CBI and fixed a hearing for August 31. 
As many as 13 people died while travelling in Mumbai' s local trains on Sunday, according to railway data. Almost 1, 600 people have been killed while travelling in trains in the past six months, it added. Of the 1, 600, 700 lost their lives by falling off the train, 147 were killed while crossing railway tracks, and 20 people died of electric shock. 
The Gujarat Congress MLAs staying in a Bengaluru resort are not allowed to go out, and 30 MLAs from Karnataka have been put in charge of the discipline. The party has planned seminars and programmes for their entertainment inside the resort. These include a lecture on the corruption charges against UPA, and Congress' achievements in 60 years, transparency and accountability. 
According to a recently published US- based research, there is only a 5% chance that Earth will avoid warming by at least 2° C by 2100, the threshold set in the Paris climate agreement. The research studied global trends in the economy, emissions and population growth, and further stated that there is 1% chance that temperatures will rise by less than 1. 5° C. 
A swarm of bees reportedly attacked a Hyderabad- Pune flight last week and delayed it by almost an hour. The flight was able to take off only after a repellent spray was used to clear the insects from the area. " We will look into the matter and necessary action will be taken, " a Directorate General of Civil Aviation official said. 
Flight Lt Shikha Pandey, a member of the Indian women' s cricket team, was felicitated by Indian Air Force Chief BS Dhanoa for her performance at the Women' s World Cup 2017. Pandey, commissioned in the IAF on June 30, 2012, as an air traffic control officer, was awarded the Chief of the Air Staff commendation by the Air Chief Marshal. 
The Jharkhand government on Tuesday cleared a draft anti- conversion bill which aims to ban religious conversion through force or allurement. Anyone found guilty of forced conversion will be liable to a punishment of three years in jail and/ or a fine of ? 50, 000. Individuals voluntarily opting to change religion will need to inform local authorities about reasons for the conversion beforehand. 
The Central government has no accurate data on illegal migrants, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju said on Tuesday in Lok Sabha. Pointing out that these people entered India in a " clandestine and surreptitious manner, " he said it would be " naturally" impossible to exact official figures. " We have taken various steps to ensure we detect them. . . and then prosecute them, " he added. 
Farmers from 78 villages in Maharashtra are reportedly planning to go on an indefinite fast to protest the alleged forcible acquisition of farm land for the Delhi- Mumbai Industrial Corridor. Despite the project getting scaled down to one- third its original size, the 78 villages have not been denotified, activists said. Officials maintained that they are not planning forcible land acquisition. 
Bihar' s newly appointed Deputy CM Sushil Modi said he would soon hold a press conference to " make a big expose" on Lalu Prasad' s family and RJD' s links with sand mafia. The government was committed to taking actions against anyone involved in corruption, he added. RJD' s Bihar unit spokesperson dismissed Modi' s allegations as " baseless and absurd" . 
Filmmaker Hansal Mehta has denied reports of Kangana Ranaut taking over editing of the trailer of his upcoming directorial ' Simran' after being unhappy over the first cut. " All this speculation is false, malicious and fabricated, " he added. Co- producer Bhushan Kumar said, " At the end, the film is a director' s vision and the film campaign will stay close to that only" . 
China will never seek " aggression or expansion" but will not allow anyone to " split its territory" , President Xi Jinping said amid the ongoing standoff between Indian and Chinese troops along the Sikkim border. He also urged the country' s Army to forge an elite and powerful force that is always " ready for the fight, capable of combat and sure to win" . 
Maharashtra' s Agriculture Minister Pandurang Fundkar topped the list of absentees in cabinet meetings by missing 11 out of the 35 meetings held between July 2016 to May 2017, according to an RTI response. Fundkar clarified that he missed two meetings for personal reasons, and was either attending state functions or on foreign tour during rest of the meetings. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a censorship law that bans the use of virtual private networks ( VPNs) and other technologies which allow people to access prohibited websites and surf the web anonymously. Amnesty International criticised the law which will come into force on November 1 this year, as the " latest blow in an assault on online freedom. " 
Singer Sukhe, who sang the song ' Jaguar' , jokingly said the owners of the car brand should have paid him for making the brand so popular through his song. " After the song was out, there were so many Jaguars to be seen [ in] . . . places like Chandigarh! " he added. Sukhe further joked, " Jab next part aayega, I will definitely be approaching them. " 
The Opposition has demanded that the Maharashtra government remove the names of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi from state board textbooks in reference to the Emergency and Bofors scam. The BJP- led state government was trying to drive its political agenda by influencing educational material, Congress' Sanjay Dutt alleged. The house had to be adjourned to let the chaos die down. 
The Goa government on Tuesday told the state legislative assembly that strict action would be taken against people found drinking on state beaches and that they could even be arrested. " The beaches should be clean and there should not be any illegality on them, " Goa' s Tourism Minister Manohar Ajgaonkar said. " We will not mind arresting them, if required, " he added. 
The Delhi Police on Saturday arrested a 45- year- old woman for supplying illegal weapons and recovered fourteen semi- automatic sophisticated pistols with magazines from her possession. A mother of five children, the accused had started supplying illegal arms after she was unable to meet her basic needs as a farm labourer. She was arrested based on a tip- off before an arms delivery. 
Tennis star Serena Williams wrote a personal essay in which she demanded equal pay for black women. In the essay, Williams said that for every dollar earned by men in the United States, black women earn just 63 cents. " The cycles of poverty, discrimination and sexism are much, much harder to break than the Grand Slam titles record, " Williams wrote. 
FMCG major ITC on Tuesday announced that Ashok Malik, who has been appointed the Press Secretary of the newly elected President Ram Nath Kovind, has resigned from its Board of Directors. Malik had joined the ITC board as an additional non- executive director, from April 11 as the representative of the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India. 
Playwright- actor Sam Shepard, who won the Pulitzer Prize in 1979 for his play ' Buried Child' , passed away at the age of 73. He died of complications from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis ( ALS) , a disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. Shepard also received an Oscar nomination for best supporting actor for his role in ' The Right Stuff' . 
Digital payments startup Paytm is planning to launch its own messaging service by the end of August, according to reports. The chat platform, which will allow users to send videos, audios, pictures, and texts, will reportedly be embedded in Paytm' s current app. The new service by SoftBank and Alibaba- backed Paytm is expected to rival WhatsApp. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said in Lok Sabha that the Centre' s demonetisation decision has led to squeezing of terror funds, including in Jammu and Kashmir. Jaitley added that as a result of demonetisation, terrorists were forced to rob banks for money, and the number of stone throwers in Jammu and Kashmir has gone down in last few months. 
Reacting to the protests demanding separate state Gorkhaland, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said, " I' m ready to give up my life but I will never support dividing ( the state) into parts. " " This is India. It' s our duty to protect it, not to divide it. . . the hills are a part of Bengal and will remain so in the future, " Mamata added. 
India head coach Ravi Shastri has said Virat Kohli will match former skipper MS Dhoni' s record as captain. " The way Virat is progressing, he may well catch up with Dhoni. I have been involved with cricket for 35 years as player, commentator and coach. Apart from Sachin Tendulkar, I have never seen anyone break records like Kohli, " said Shastri. 
Responding to Vijender Singh' s comment that " Chinese products do not last too long" , Chinese boxer and Singh' s next opponent Zulpikar Maimaitiali said, " I will show Vijender what Chinese are capable of. We have shown India time and again. . . it' s time that Vijender too learns his lesson. " Singh and Maimaitiali will take on each other in a double title bout on August 5. 
The Opposition staged a walkout from the Maharashtra assembly, demanding a probe into the allegations of rape by a woman against a minister of the Devendra Fadnavis- led government. Opposition leader Ajit Pawar claimed he had a CD to prove the allegations. Fadnavis, however, clarified that the victim withdrew her complaint the next day saying it was filed owing to misunderstanding. 
A 40- year- old woman was stabbed outside the Thyagaraj Stadium in south Delhi on Monday evening in front of her four- year- old son while she was returning home from a weekly market. The attacker, who is reportedly in his mid thirties, managed to flee the spot leaving behind the kitchen knife used in the murder. 
Talking about Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Tuesday said, " He is one big ' palturam' ( turncoat) whose true colours will soon show. " He added, " Yesterday when he accused me and my family; I knew it was coming. As he is not a man of his words. He has also forgotten the day when I made him rule. " 
Two Chinese nationals were arrested on Monday at the Mumbai airport after they stole a diamond worth ? 34 lakh by swapping it with a fake at a Mumbai exhibition. The 5. 4- carat diamond was recovered from a bottle of shampoo. Security officials interrogated the Chinese nationals and found the diamond after they were located at the airport using their passport information. 
A ticket examiner was allegedly stabbed on Sunday by one of the three passengers when he asked them to deboard a train for traveling without tickets in Delhi. The victim said that the accused had boarded a reserved coach and stabbed his arm with a sharp- edged weapon when he tried to be stern in asking them to deboard. 
Nearly 500 protestors pelted stones at the police outside Ghaziabad' s Ala Hazrat Haj House and demanded that the facility be opened to pilgrims immediately. The Haj House, which is located along the Hindon river, has remained sealed since its inauguration last year after a petition was filed against it at the National Green Tribunal. 
Canada is investigating reports that Saudi Arabia has been using Canadian- made armoured vehicles against its citizens in the violence- hit Eastern Province. Videos and photos posted on social media show Saudi Arabia using Canadian equipment on Shia dissidents. Canada warned it would take action if " it is found that Canadian exports have been used to commit serious violations of human rights" . 
Actress Taapsee Pannu, who turned 30 on Tuesday, has said she does not like typical off- the- shelf gifts and instead likes something customised on her birthday. She added, " Every year, I like that pressure that my friends and family have to bring their creative side out and think of a gift. " Taapsee is known for films like ' Pink' , ' Naam Shabana' , among others. 
Several broadband connections of state- run MTNL were affected after a malware attack on Friday in Delhi. The attack impacted services in many households with malfunctioning of the broadband services. Users were reportedly redirected to malicious web pages with ads and pornography. State- owned telecom company BSNL was also recently hit by a malware attack that changed passwords of the modems. 
The Allahabad High Court on Monday granted bail to two accused in the 2015 lynching of Mohammad Akhlaq in Dadri for allegedly slaughtering a cow. A local BJP leader, who is the father of one of the accused who got bail, praised the BJP for providing justice to his son. Notably, 14 people have been granted bail in the case. 
China is reportedly constructing a 12- km- long high- speed train tunnel through one of the portions of its iconic Great Wall to connect Beijing with Zhangjiakou city which will co- host 2022 Winter Olympics. The line is designed for trains traveling up to 350 kmph and is expected to shorten the single- journey time from more than 3 hours to approximately one hour. 
US President Donald Trump personally dictated a misleading statement which his son Donald Trump Jr delivered on his meeting with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential election campaign, according to a Washington Post report. In his statement, Trump Jr said he discussed the adoption of Russian children with the lawyer who had offered damaging information on Hillary Clinton. 
More than half of university students in Australia were sexually harassed at least once in 2016, according to a Human Rights Commission survey. With over 30, 000 responses registered across the country, it was found that women experienced harassment and assaults at higher rates than men. The survey was conducted amid claims that universities were responding poorly to sexual assault incidents. 
A Gujarati chef has been arranged for over 40 Gujarat MLAs who were flown to Bengaluru on Friday night to reportedly prevent them from switching sides to the BJP. " We Gujaratis have food that is not very spicy. We like roti, dal, and kadhi, so there is a change, " Gujarat Congress MLA Gyasuddin Shaikh said. 
Arvind Panagariya, the Vice Chairman of policy think- tank Niti Aayog, which replaced the 65- year- old Planning Commission, announced his resignation from office on Tuesday. The economist said that he would like to resume his teaching career at Columbia University in the US. Further, August 31 will be his last day in office. 
Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani has ordered 48 cuts in the Nawazuddin Siddiqui starrer n upcoming action thriller film ' Babumoshai Bandookbaaz' . " We are just doing our job, " Nihalani said when asked about the number of cuts that have been ordered. Directed by Kushan Nandy and also starring Bengali actress Bidita Bag, the film is scheduled to release on August 25. 
Pakistan has extended the house arrest of UN- designated terrorist and Mumbai terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed for another two months to maintain public order. Liberty of Saeed is a continuous threat to the peace and tranquillity in the country, Pakistani authorities said. The Jamaat- ud- Dawa ( JuD) chief has been under house arrest since January 31 this year. 
Qatar on Monday filed a legal complaint at the World Trade Organisation ( WTO) against a trade boycott by Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and United Arab Emirates. By formally requesting consultations with the three countries, Qatar has triggered a 60- day deadline for them to settle the complaint or face litigation at the WTO and potential retaliatory trade sanctions. 
Tata Motors CEO Guenter Butschek took home over ? 22. 55 crore last fiscal, while other key officials saw their remunerations cut amid mounting losses. Executive Director Satish Borwankar, who has taken over as COO, saw a cut of 12% to ? 2. 14 crore. However, most independent directors, except Nusli Wadia, who was removed from the board last year, saw their remunerations grow. 
Union Minister Ramdas Athawale has said that there was nothing wrong if one didn? t recite the national song ? Vande Mataram. ? Athawale added that the issue of the national song was being brought out to cause feud among communities. The Madras High Court recently made singing ? Vande Mataram? compulsory once a week in government schools, colleges and universities in Tamil Nadu. 
Ghaziabad police on Monday arrested a man in possession of arms that he was to allegedly deliver to an unidentified buyer on the same day. Police have recovered 31 countrymade weapons and 16 live cartridges that were allegedly manufactured at an illegal arms factory. He has also been to jail earlier in connection with manufacturing and supplying arms, police said. 
The Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed to hear a plea seeking cancellation of Bihar CM Nitish Kumar' s state Legislative Council membership for allegedly hiding a pending criminal case against him. According to the plea, Kumar was accused of killing a Congress leader in 1991. The petitioner also sought a direction to the CBI to register an FIR against Kumar. 
The Karnataka High Court barred a debt- ridden businessman from going abroad, citing Vijay Mallya' s case. The man, Nitin Shambhu Kumar Kasliwal, owes ? 6, 494 crore to banks including Punjab National Bank, Central Bank, and UCO Bank, among others. The prosecution expressed that it fears if he is allowed to go abroad, the banks might not be able to recover their money. 
The Bombay High Court on Monday summoned the Maharashtra Women and Child Development Secretary after 42 children went missing over the last three years from a Mumbai remand home. The court criticised the Maharashtra government for lack of ' pro- active action' in the matter. The Bombay High Court is hearing a PIL on the allegations of corruption in the remand home. 
Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari has demanded that Maharashtra government provide special facilities to the persons detained during the Emergency under the Maintenance of Internal Security Act ( MISA) . MISA detainees have demanded to be treated as freedom fighters saying that detainees in UP, MP, Bihar and Chhattisgarh are considered at par with the freedom fighters and are given pensions. 
Delhi police on Monday said that it has banned the flying of aerial vehicles till Independence Day owing to terror threat. The banned aerial vehicles include drones, paragliders, quadcopters, hang- gliders, hot- air balloons, and UAVs among others. " Certain criminal/ anti- social elements or terrorists. . . may pose a threat to safety. . . by the use of sub- conventional aerial platforms" , police said. 
Hollywood actor Ryan Reynolds took to social media to share the first look of actress Zazie Beetz from the upcoming superhero film ' Deadpool 2' . " Some people just know how to work a red carpet, " wrote Ryan. Zazie will portray the superhero character ' Domino' in the film. Directed by David Leitch, ' Deadpool 2' is scheduled to release on June 1, 2018. 
Police have arrested five men for stealing nearly ? 3. 8 crore- worth iPhones from a moving delivery truck in the Netherlands. The men drove close to the back of the truck and one of the suspects climbed onto it to break in through the doors while it was being driven. He then passed the iPhones from the truck to other suspects. 
Archaeologists on Saturday unearthed a two- metre high, centuries- old statue believed to have been the symbolic guardian of an ancient hospital at the Angkor temple complex in Cambodia. The statue is believed to date back to the late 12th to early 13th century. Angkor was the capital of the Khmer Empire, which dates from the 9th to the 15th centuries. 
India' s Deaflympics squad, which put up the country' s best- ever show at the recently concluded Deaflympics, refused to leave the Delhi airport after landing, since no government official was there to receive them. The 46- athlete contingent, which won five medals, demanded to speak with sports minister Vijay Goel. The athletes protested for over six hours before an SAI official received them. 
More than 21 lakh Indian technology professionals have applied for H- 1B work visas in the last 11 years, an official report of the US Citizenship and Immigration Services said. The majority of those who applied for the visa were holding master' s or bachelor' s degree and their average salary over the last 11 years has been $ 92, 317. 
Headless body of a woman, suspected to be in her 20s, was found in a suitcase in Navi Mumbai on Monday. The suitcase had been dumped at an agricultural farm and was discovered by the owner, after which he informed the police. Police suspect that the woman was murdered and her corpse was then stuffed inside the suitcase. 
The construction of Gurugram' s Iffco Chowk flyover has reportedly been delayed due to the presence of high tension electricity wires along the Delhi- Gurugram Expressway. The National Highways Authority of India officials said that Haryana Vidyut Prasaran Nigam failed to give permission to move the overhead high tension wires, even though it was earlier agreed upon by the two organisations. 
Google' s head of connectivity in India recently talked about the Google RailTel, which has started providing free WiFi at 140 railway stations in India. " If you compare this with Wi- Fi in London and San Francisco, you will find that the Wi- Fi is better in both coverage and capacity" , he said. The initiative aims to cover 400 stations across the country. 
The Election Commission ordered police protection for all Congress MLAs in Gujarat over reports of the BJP trying to bribe them to join the party. All of the nine MLAs in Gujarat were given security, in addition to the 42 that the party took to Bengaluru. This comes after six of the party' s MLAs resigned and joined the BJP. 
Lashkar- e- Taiba' s Kashmir Chief Abu Dujana has been killed in an encounter with security forces in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir. His accomplice has also been terminated by the forces. He is the third top militant leader killed since last year following Hizbul Mujahideen leaders Burhan Wani and Sabzar Bhat. 
Pakistan' s Opposition leader Imran Khan has called for a future of " real democracy" in the country, following the dismissal of Nawaz Sharif as the Prime Minister by the country' s Supreme Court. " This is not a democracy but monarchy. And that is why Pakistan has been left behind developed nations, " Khan who led a campaign to oust Sharif said. 
Actress Manisha Koirala has said that Alia Bhatt is brilliant and super- talented and she loved her in films like ' Udta Punjab' and ' Dear Zindagi' . She added, " I thought she was flawless and I would love to work with her someday. " Meanwhile, Manisha further said that Ranbir Kapoor is one of the finest talents in the film industry. 
An Indian Army team has participated in a tank race competition in Russia along with 18 other countries. This is the third time India participated in the event but it is their first with own T- 90 tanks. The competition simulates actual battlefield conditions involving challenges like high- speed driving and switching from one mode of operation to another at a fast pace. 
Over 30 religious and jihadi groups have reportedly come together to form Daifa- e- Pakistan that carried out rallies in Pakistan to boost terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir. The aim of the movement is to create a new force of terrorism and channel it against India, reports claimed. The participants allegedly included the leaders of banned terror groups like Lashkar- e- Taiba, Hizbul Mujahideen. 
An Etihad Airways aircraft carrying nearly 200 passengers suffered a tyre burst upon landing, forcing Mumbai airport authorities to shut operations at the main runway on Monday evening. The Abu Dhabi- Mumbai flight got stuck in the middle of the runway, following which operations were shifted to the secondary runway. Notably, the two runways at Mumbai airport intersect each other. 
Former Australian PM Tony Abbott has sent a signed cricket bat for PM Narendra Modi, reportedly through an Indian residing in Australia. The man, Manpreet Singh, who is carrying the bat along with pictures of Abbott signing it, has been visiting the PMO but has not met Modi yet. Abbott has reportedly addressed Modi as " Narendra" on the bat. 
Cabin crew on a Kochi- Colombo SriLankan Airlines flight extinguished a mid- flight fire suspected to have been caused by a phone in an overhead locker. The crew put a bag in the water after failing to stop the smoke with a fire extinguisher. Upon investigation, the crew found a lithium battery pack and two mobile phones in it. 
Punjab Congress MLA Surjit Dhiman has slammed the CM Captain Amarinder Singh- led government over the inactive anti- drug drive initiated in the state. Claiming that " chitta" ( drugs) was " easily available in every nook and corner, " he said the state- sponsored anti- drug drive was " effective for only the first 15 days of government. " 
The Delhi government on Monday decided to stop grants to 28 Delhi University colleges following the varsity' s failure to form their governing bodies. " I cannot allow unchecked corruption and irregularities to be sustained on Delhi govt funds in the name of education, ? Deputy CM Manish Sisodia tweeted. Twelve out of the 28 colleges are fully funded by the Delhi government. 
Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge on Monday said, " Don' t make lynchistan out of Hindustan" and blamed the BJP- led NDA government in the Lok Sabha for encouraging cow vigilantism. Pointing to incidents of mob violence in Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, he slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for not addressing the killings on ' Mann Ki Baat' programme. 
Around 44, 000 toilets need to be built daily by the Uttar Pradesh government to make the state open defecation free ( ODF) by October 2, 2018, Chief Secretary Rajiv Kumar said on Monday. He further directed district magistrates to speed up the construction work and said they should devote at least half an hour daily to monitor the progress. 
India' s tallest Tricolour, which is 360- feet tall, has not been hoisted at the Indo- Pakistan border for the last three months. The flag, which is visible from Pakistan, was taken down in April by the Amritsar administration after it was repeatedly damaged by high- velocity winds. Every time the flag is brought down, it brings ' embarrassment' to all, officials maintaining the flag said. 
The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram has put up ' free parking' signboards at entry points of several malls on MG Road. The authority had earlier waived off property tax for malls on the condition that they provide free basement parking. The decision to place the signboards comes after the MCG received complaints that the malls were continuing to charge for parking. 
Bharatiya Janata Party chief Amit Shah on Monday said he would not quit from the post of party President even if elected to the Rajya Sabha from Gujarat. " I am very happy with my job and discharging my responsibilities with full devotion, " he added. Shah filed his nomination papers for the upcoming Rajya Sabha polls on Friday. 
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been removed from his job within the first 10 days of his appointment. This comes after Scaramucci, a Harvard law graduate and former Wall Street financier, launched a foul- mouthed tirade against two of his senior colleagues at the White House last week. " The president felt his comments were inappropriate, " Trump' s spokeswoman said. 
An 18- year- old from Bareilly was detained on Sunday for carrying three live bullets in his bag at Delhi' s Kailash Colony Metro station. The bullets were detected by a CISF personnel when his bag was being screened in the X- ray machine. He was handed over to the police for not having a government- issued document for possessing arms and ammunitions. 
Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju while discussing the recent incidents of mob lynching in Parliament said, " Do you want the PM should break the federal structure and take over state machinery? " The statement which led to an uproar in the Parliament came after Congress MP Mallikarjun Kharge criticised the PM for not talking about the issue enough. 
The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ( GJM) has given the Centre 10 days to intervene in the ongoing agitation for the separate state of Gorkhaland, failing which it threatened to intensify the protests. " An indefinite shutdown is going on for the last 47 days. The Centre cannot just sit idle when the hills are burning, " GJM leaders said. 
The Maharashtra government is planning to introduce cycling tracks along the arterial roads of 10 cities including Pune, Nagpur, Nashik, and Latur, reports said. A four- member committee has been constituted for designing the cycling track routes. " The cycling tracks will not only reduce traffic, but will also considerably lessen environmental pollution, " a Public Works Department official said. 
Several copies of Rado watches, sunglasses, and cameras worth ? 10 crore were seized on Thursday by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence at Delhi' s Indira Gandhi International Airport. While original Rado watches cost over ? 1 lakh, the copies seized were meant to be sold in the market for ? 4, 000- 5, 000. The consignment from China was to be received in Delhi. 
Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh on Sunday announced that ambulance service for cows will be started in 10 districts of the state over the next few months. He also urged people to support organic farming and biogas in order to promote a cow- based economy. Earlier this year, Singh had said that anyone found killing cows in Chhattisgarh will be hanged. 
Ousted AAP minister Kapil Mishra released a sting operation on Monday alleging that the Kejriwal government is involved in a CNG kit scam. Aam Aadmi Sena members reportedly took a leaking cylinder to four CNG checking centres across Delhi and got it cleared. Mishra has given an ultimatum of 4 days for the Delhi government to respond. 
Calling Venezuela' s recent Constituent Assembly election a " sham" , US Ambassador Nikki Haley said that Venezuela is heading towards a dictatorship. Haley also threatened strong and swift action against the " architects of authoritarianism" in Venezuela. She added that the US stands by Venezuelans and their constitutional representatives to restore their country to a full and prosperous democracy. 
Actor Akshay Kumar has said that talking about toilets is still considered a taboo in India. He added, " It' s also about the mindset. In places where I have gone, I heard people saying, ' We do not do it ( defecate) in the same house where we cook food' . But how can they openly defecate on the field, from where the food is coming? " 
Three top professors at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) Delhi resigned over the last six months for better pay packages. " In last three years, approximately 17 young faculty members have resigned because of poor salary and non- availability of accommodation, " a faculty member said. Notably, Assistant Professors' existing pay band and grade pay at AIIMS is ? 15, 900- ? 39, 100. 
A 190- year- old temple in Mumbai' s Byculla has installed a 37. 5- kilowatt rooftop solar system with 115 panels which will enable it to cut down its annual electricity bill by ? 8 lakh. The temple management will reportedly install more panels by the end of this year. Notably, about 20 religious institutions in Mumbai have switched to solar power. 
Quoting BJP idealogue Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, Bihar BJP MP Hukumdev Narayan Yadav on Monday claimed that majority of Muslims in India are descendants of Hindus, and added both communities should respect each other' s sentiments. Pointing out that freedom fighters like Maulana Azad used to sing ' Vande Mataram' , he said it has now become a crime to sing the national song. 
A 17th- century pub, holding the record for being the highest in the UK, is going on sale for £ 900, 000 ( nearly ? 7. 6 crore) . It stands 1, 732 feet above sea level and was named the highest in the UK by the Guinness Book of World Records in 1976. The landlady said the new owner will need to have stamina, eccentricity, and love. 
Pakistan' s interim Prime Minister nominee Shahid Abbasi, who most recently served as the country' s Petroleum Minister, faces an inquiry over corruption in an over ? 13, 000- crore LNG ( Liquefied natural gas) contract. Abbasi is accused of misusing his authority and causing a potential loss of ? 12, 000 crore to the national exchequer over 15 years. 
TV actress Ridhima Pandit, known for playing a humanoid robot on the show ' Bahu Hamari Rajni Kant' , has said she will not play " crappy roles like the heroine' s behen" in films. Ridhima added, " My demand is more on television. If I can be the queen on TV, why should I go and become a princess in films? " 
Talking about his two- year alliance with Lalu Prasad Yadav' s RJD, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said, " I did not have a choice, I tolerated them a lot. " Nitish further said, " Though this happens in an alliance, but I ran out of patience. Lalu ji kept defending his son and never spoke up for me. " 
British F1 driver Lewis Hamilton gave up on a third place finish at the Hungarian Grand Prix to let his teammate Valtteri Bottas finish third instead. Hamilton, who was fourth placed, asked Mercedes to tell Bottas to let him through to chase down the leading Ferraris, agreeing to give the third place back if he fails to overtake them. 
Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya has said that as many as 43% of the country' s employees are in the unorganised sector and 4. 7 crore of them were in the construction sector. He said efforts are on to enhance wages and provide benefits of PF and insurance to them. " The Ministry. . . is committed for the social security of the labour force, " he added. 
At least 213 lives have been lost and over 80, 000 have been relocated due to floods in Gujarat. As many as 4, 000 animals have also been killed in the flood, with an estimate of over a million households and farmlands being affected. PM Narendra Modi recently assured relief operations were being carried out on massive scale in the flood- affected areas. 
Angelina Jolie has denied reports of using a cruel casting process while auditioning children for her film. " Upset that a pretend exercise in an improvisation, from an actual scene. . . has been written about as if it was a real scenario, " said Jolie. The casting involved a game where poor children were made to snatch money and justify the mock theft. 
A Chhattisgarh primary school teacher has been arrested for allegedly stealing two designer saris worth ? 56, 000 for his wife to wear at local beauty pageant ' Sawan Sundari' . The police said Srikant Gupta " admitted he could not afford the saris, but did not want his wife to feel inferior among other women of the community. " Gupta reportedly earns ? 2, 500 per month. 
Shahid Kapoor said he went mad on Twitter after watching Sanjay Leela Bhansali' s ' Bajirao Mastani' and started appreciating everyone. Shahid, who will be seen in Bhansali' s upcoming film ' Padmavati' , added, " Never knew that I will be part of his ( Bhansali' s) next film. . . It' s awesome to be working with someone whose work I have admired in the recent past. . . I am really excited. " 
Bhumi Pednekar has said that Akshay Kumar is different from the notion of the superstar one has in mind, while adding, " When you see Akshay sir, it all comes crashing down. " Bhumi added, " He is so down- to- earth and is always punctual on set. . . he is so focused and professional. " She further called Akshay a great example for newcomers like her. 
The Modi government is planning to launch a crackdown on corrupt officials reportedly from August 15. Letters have been dispatched to various departments and paramilitary forces to finalise the list of corrupt officials by August 5. The list will be sent to Central Bureau of Investigation and Central Vigilance Commission who will keep a close watch and recommend necessary actions. 
Congress on Monday informed Rajya Sabha that Raj Babbar has been injured in police action against villagers protesting demolition of their houses in Uttar Pradesh. They added that due to the injuries, he was unable to attend the Parliament proceedings. The house' s Deputy Chairman dismissed the issue of Babbar' s safety and security saying the state government should deal with this. 
Facebook has shut down one of its Artificial Intelligence systems after chatbots programmed to converse in English started speaking in their own language. Using machine learning algorithms, the bots were allowed to converse freely to strengthen their conversational skills. However, they began to deviate from the scripted norms and started speaking a new language created without human input. 
Political party Pudhiya Thamilagam has filed ? 100 crore defamation case against actor Kamal Haasan and a private television channel over derogatory comments made by an actor on the Tamil version of reality show ' Bigg Boss' . The party has given Haasan, who is hosting the show, and the television channel seven days to tender an unconditional apology or face defamation charges. 
A 14- year- old Mumbai boy killed himself on Saturday after jumping off the terrace of a seven- storey building. Police suspect that the boy was addicted to the online game ' Blue Whale' which demands players to complete 50 tasks in 50 days, with the last task being committing suicide. However, the police is officially yet to find the reason for his suicide. 
After reports of approximately a dozen such cases in Haryana, two women in Delhi have complained about their braids being chopped off by unknown persons. Both the cases, wherein women did not see who chopped off their braids, occurred in Kanganheri village. Following this, villagers decided to inform the police and take turns to keep round- the- clock guard. 
Actor TJ Miller, who played the superhero' s best friend in ' Deadpool' , has said that more ' Deadpool' and R- rated superhero genre films will be made, depending on the success of ' Deadpool 2' . Miller added, " He ( Deadpool) is almost the antidote to the poison that is those very milk- toast superhero genre films. . . ( Deadpool' s) present every couple of years to cleanse the palate. " 
A fire broke out on the seventh floor of Delhi' s Shastri Bhawan on Monday due to a short circuit in air conditioner. No one was injured and the fire was extinguished within a few minutes after five fire tenders reached the spot. Notably, Shastri Bhawan accommodates ministries of Law, Information and Broadcasting, Human Resources Development, Corporate Affairs, Chemicals and Petrochemicals. 
A photograph of primary school students in Madhya Pradesh' s Neemuch district shows that the children are being forced to study in a disused toilet as there is no school building. While the school is run by a single teacher, the local MLA is reportedly not aware of the existence of any such school in his constituency. 
Delhi' s Department of Environment is reportedly drawing a standard operating procedure to dispose the road dust collected by more than a dozen mechanical sweepers in order to control the air pollution level in the city. Additionally, the Public Works Department has floated a tender to procure six more sweeping machines this year. 
A woman in Assam killed her husband for allegedly raping their teenage daughter. " The woman alleges that her husband routinely misbehaved with their daughter and had even raped her. That' s the reason she decided to kill him, " police said. Husband' s body was found in a field by villagers and bore several wound marks, probably inflicted by a sharp dagger. 
A Kerala BJP unit has alleged that CPI( M) workers hurled a petrol bomb at an RSS office in the state, causing damage to the building. This was followed by CPI( M) blaming BJP- RSS activists for pelting stones at a committee office of CPI( M) trade union- wing CITU. Notably, the state has been witnessing unrest after an RSS worker was killed last week. 
Indian shuttler C Rahul Yadav and the men' s doubles pair of Manu Attri and B Sumeeth Reddy clinched the men' s singles and men' s doubles title respectively at Lagos International challenge in Nigeria. The 19- year- old Yadav defeated compatriot Karan Rajan Rajarajan 21- 15, 21- 13 in the men' s singles final, while in the women' s singles, India' s Mugdha Agrey won the silver medal. 
Senior JD( U) leader Sharad Yadav on Monday termed party chief Nitish Kumar' s decision to join hands with the BJP again as unfortunate and against the people' s mandate. " I do not agree with the decision in Bihar. It is unfortunate. The mandate of the people ( 2015 Bihar Assembly Polls) was not for this, " he added. 
Two boys at a school in Haryana' s Mewat were allegedly forced to recite the Quran and adopt Islam. This was revealed in their application asking for a transfer and school leaving certificate. An enquiry was set up in the matter which revealed that along with the teachers, some fellow students also forced them to offer namaz with them. 
At least 10 people, including an election candidate, were killed on Sunday in violent protests which erupted as the country voted for a new legislative body tasked with rewriting the Constitution. The country' s opposition parties boycotted the vote, which they say is aimed at consolidating President Nicolas Maduro' s power and is a bid to install a dictatorship. 
While addressing leaders of his party on Saturday, recently ousted Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif asked if everyone else in the country is " Sadiq and Ameen" ( honest and righteous) . " I' m proud that I have not been declared ineligible over charges of corruption, " Sharif said about his disqualification from the country' s top post for not disclosing his earnings during the 2013 election. 
Addressing a military parade on Sunday to mark the 90th anniversary of the country' s Army, Chinese President Xi Jinping said the Army has the capability to defeat invading enemies and protect the country' s sovereignty. This comes amid the ongoing China- India military standoff over the disputed Doklam region in which China has accused India of trespassing into its territory. 
The police has banned jogging in groups in Sierra Leone, citing public order and safety. The police accused people jogging in groups of " raining insults, obstructing traffic, pounding on vehicles, playing loud music, and snatching property from other members of the public. " It said violators " will be dealt with according to law. You have been warned. " 
England cricketers took the London Underground ( The Tube) to reach The Oval for the third day of the Test against South Africa, the record 100th Test at the stadium. Joe Root, Stuart Broad, James Anderson, and Jonny Bairstow were among those who took the train. Broad was photographed at the platform, looking at an advertisement featuring him alongside other sportspersons. 
Rejecting Congress' claims of its Gujarat MLAs being poached by BJP, Union Minister Prakash Javadekar said, " It is like a thief attacking a cop. " Talking about Congress' move to send its Gujarat MLAs to Bengaluru to refrain them from shifting parties, Javadekar said their lawmakers were " enjoying themselves" there while BJP' s were busy providing relief to the state' s flood- hit people. 
The Delhi High Court has warned two Delhi residents against feeding or sheltering stray dogs in the common area of a private property stating that dogs can " cause fear and discomfort" to others living there. Notably, the Supreme Court had earlier ruled that " stray dogs have a right to live" over a submission demanding complete elimination of stray dogs. 
Maharashtra has topped the list for the maximum number of applications for fresh registration under Goods and Services Tax with over 1. 3 lakh applications. Maharashtra is followed by Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh with 90, 000 and 87, 000 registrations, respectively. According to Goods and Services Tax Network' s Chairman, over 10 lakh applications from across the country have been received so far. 
The Ghaziabad Police on Sunday said they have arrested five persons for smuggling liquor and three persons for alleged drug peddling over the past week during raids conducted in the city. The police recovered 304 cartons of liquor during routine checking drives and also seized nine kilograms of marijuana from the drug peddlers. 
As many as 76 passengers were rescued from cable cars suspended over a river in German city Cologne after a gondola crashed into a support pillar on Sunday. Passengers were left stranded, and children were seen clinging to parents while dangling as many as 40 metres above the river. The fire department lowered them to safety from the cable cars. 
In a letter to PM Narendra Modi, over 100 military veterans condemned rising mob violence incidents against Dalits and Muslims and expressed concern over alleged climate of fear and suppression of dissent. Veterans said they stand with the ' Not in My Name' campaign and for " Unity in Diversity" . They added if they will not speak, they would be disservicing the country. 
Delhi civic bodies reportedly plan to make the acts of littering in public places and allowing mosquito breeding in households criminal offences with appropriate jail terms. The imprisonment will vary from one month to six months depending on the severity of the violation. This comes after Municipal Corporation officials said existing penalties were too weak to deter violators. 
Rajya Sabha MP and former Samajwadi Party General Secretary Amar Singh has likened SP chief Akhilesh Yadav to Aurangzeb and said his father Mulayam Singh Yadav was like Shah Jahan. " One who cannot honour his father loses trust of people as well, " he added. Mughal emperor Aurangzeb had held his father Shah Jahan captive after a tussle for the throne. 
Twenty- nine Indian cities and towns including Delhi fall under ' severe' to ' very severe' seismic zones, according to National Centre for Seismology. Different regions across the country were classified into earthquake zones II to V by Bureau of Indian Standards, with Zone V being the most active. Delhi, northern Uttar Pradesh and parts of Jammu and Kashmir fall under Zone IV. 
The Congress on Sunday presented 44 of its Gujarat MLAs before the media in Bengaluru and alleged that the BJP had offered them ? 15 crore each ahead of the Rajya Sabha elections. Adding that the decision to fly to Bengaluru was taken collectively by the legislators, the party said its leaders were being regularly threatened by the BJP. 
A group of six men posing as Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) officers stole jewellery worth ? 20 lakh from a jeweller' s house in Delhi' s Karol Bagh area. The thieves entered the residence on the pretext of a CBI raid and held the jeweller' s four- year- old grandson at gun- point as they ransacked the house. 
UFC light heavyweight world champion Daniel Cormier lost his title to Jon Jones after getting knocked out by a head kick in third round at UFC 214. Following the loss, the 38- year- old broke down and was also seen crying on his coach' s shoulders. It was Cormier' s second loss of his MMA career, with the first also having come against Jones. 
Gujarat Assembly speaker Ramanlal Vohra on Sunday slammed Congress legislators who have been staying at a Bengaluru resort amid the ongoing Gujarat floods. " I do not know what MLAs are doing there in Karnataka. In such situations we should pay more attention to improve situation and not to play politics, " he said. Over 120 people have been killed in Gujarat floods. 
Agra has had 53% lower rainfall this year, with just 123. 5 mm rainfall, according to the Meteorological Department. Five districts across UP? Agra, Pilibhit, Muzaffarnagar, Ghaziabad and Noida had seriously low rainfall and are facing drought conditions, reports said. Noida received only 96 mm rains against the average of 204. 2 mm, making a shortfall of 53% . 
UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley, who played the role of a wrestler in Salman Khan starrer Sultan, thanked the actor for a " top notch" time he had during his stay in India. Salman had earlier wished Woodley for his UFC fight and had posted a video in which Woodley can be seen explaining popularity of Salman to his friends. 
After the uproar over a copy of the Bhagavad Gita being placed near the statue of late President APJ Abdul Kalam at the memorial built for him in Tamil Nadu, a Bible and Quran were also placed there by his grand nephew. Notably, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had inaugurated the memorial at Rameswaram on Thursday. 
A woman trying to burn a bug inside her bedroom in the US state of Kansas started a fire that forced the evacuation of the entire building. The fire started after the lighter that the woman used malfunctioned. Officials estimated property worth $ 140, 000 was damaged and no serious injuries were reported in the fire. n
Producer Ritesh Sidhwani has said that television actress Mouni Roy bagged the female lead role in ' Gold' opposite Akshay Kumar on the basis of her talent and not on anyone' s recommendation. " She was auditioned for that part and she gave a fantastic audition. We all, Farhan ( Akhtar) , Reema ( Kagti) and everyone, watched the audition and we chose her, " added Sidhwani. 
The travel time for long- haul trucks has reduced by at least a fifth after GST was introduced, Road Transport and Highways Ministry has said. Trucks earlier took 50- 65 hours to reach Kolkata from Chennai and it now stands reduced by 20% , it reported. The collection of sales tax at inter- state check posts had led to major traffic congestion, it added. 
As part of a campaign to make Amethi open- defecation free, 854 persons in the district have registered themselves as " brothers" with the district committee to gift a lavatory to their sisters on Raksha Bandhan. The registered brothers will build lavatories with their own resources. Later, a lucky draw will be conducted to give up to ? 50, 000 cash to three winners. 
A fatwa directing termination of his marriage was issued against JD( U) minister Khurshid Ahmad for chanting ' Jai Shri Ram' outside the Bihar Assembly after Chief Minister Nitish Kumar won the trust vote. The minister initially stood by his actions and said, " Islam teaches respect for all religions. " He later apologised for his actions after a meeting with Nitish Kumar. 
EasyJet is seeking answers after a worker at France' s Nice airport punched a passenger who was holding his baby at the terminal after a 13- hour delay. A picture of the incident was circulated online. " The man. . . went over and talked to the Frenchman and the Frenchman did not reply, he just smiled and smirked and then whacked this guy, " another passenger said. 
Two religious leaders in Canada, including one with 25 wives and 146 children, have been found guilty of polygamy and face five years in prison in a landmark ruling. The two men are senior figures in a Mormon sect that allows polygamy. They could not be prosecuted earlier over concerns that the anti- polygamy law violated Canadians' constitutional right to religious freedom. 
Actor Anupam Kher tweeted the clipping of a newspaper report about an actor, whose name was kept anonymous, and claimed that it was about him. The report stated how a veteran actor suffered from a heart related ailment when he had gone to attend an awards show in New York recently. 
Actor Zayed Khan, while talking about nepotism, said, " Hasn' t everybody coming up ( in this industry) used their influence to help their loved ones or keep their loved ones in a better position? " Zayed added, " It is merely human nature. Let' s not blow things out of proportion. " He further said that the industry is based on the survival of the fittest. 
The BJP on Sunday called for a statewide strike in Kerala after an RSS worker died after being allegedly attacked by CPI( M) workers. Thirty four- year- old E Rajesh was stabbed forty times and his left hand was chopped off by some men while he had been returning home after attending a ' shakha' meeting on Saturday, reports said 
Ferrari' s Formula One racer Sebastian Vettel won the Hungarian Grand Prix title, finishing ahead of teammate Kimi Raikkonen and Mercedes' Valtteri Bottas. Mercedes' British driver Lewis Hamilton finished fourth in the race. With the win, Vettel extended his lead over rival Lewis Hamilton to 14 points in the drivers' championship table. 
The Indian boxing contingent at the 48th Grand Prix Usti Nad Labem in the Czech Republic claimed five gold medals, two silver and one bronze medal at the event. Among the gold medal winners were World Championships bronze- medallist Shiva Thapa and former Commonwealth Games gold- medallist Manoj Kumar. The World Boxing Championships are scheduled from August 25 to September 2. 
Three African women and a man were arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau ( NCB) for allegedly trying to smuggle over 32 kg of drugs worth ? 70 lakh in three separate operations. They were arrested at the Indira Gandhi International Airport while they were trying to fly to foreign destinations with drugs concealed in their bags, an NCB official said. 
A leopard on Friday attacked and injured a twelve- year- old boy while he was coming back with his friends from Mumbai' s Aarey pump house. This is the fifth incident of a leopard attack in the last five months. Authorities have reportedly set up two cages to trap the leopard and expect that it will be trapped within the next few days. 
Europe' s human rights court has ruled that sex for older women is as important and found a Portuguese court guilty of sexual discrimination in a 50- year- old woman' s medical compensation case. Ruling that importance of sex diminished with a woman' s age, the Portuguese court had cut the woman' s compensation for a botched surgery that left her unable to have normal sex. 
A man set himself on fire in Sydney protesting against the Australian Immigration Department on Friday, reports said. Adding that the police negotiated with the man for 8- 10 minutes before he set himself alight, officials said the man was " deeply disturbed and upset" . He " would have killed himself" if police had not doused him with a fire extinguisher, they added. 
National Award winning actress Neena Gupta described herself as a " good actress" living and working in Mumbai while asking for jobs via her social media accounts. Neena said, " Everybody thinks that after my marriage, I have moved to Delhi and I do not work anymore. . . then I see so many roles being offered to other actors of my age. " 
Sports Direct' s Mike Ashley has won a lawsuit over a £ 15 million ( ? 126 crore) deal made in a pub in 2013. In the case, a banker alleged that during a ? night of heavy drinking? , Ashley agreed to pay him £ 15 million if company? s shares doubled. However, the judge said nobody would have thought what Ashley said in the pub was ? serious? . 
One- third of BSNL' s prime land is estimated to be worth ? 65, 000 crore now, which is higher than the value of ? 975 crore for its entire land assets decades ago, MD Anupam Shrivastava said. This includes land parcels in Delhi, Mumbai, and Ahmedabad, among others. The land on which BSNL has its corporate office, has itself been valued at ? 2, 500 crore. 
According to a study by the Centre for Advanced Facial Cosmetic and Plastic Surgery, One Direction singer Harry Styles has the world' s most handsome eyes and chin. The study uses The Golden Ratio to assess symmetry of faces of celebrities and rank them in order of attractiveness. Meanwhile, actor Ryan Gosling won in the world' s most handsome nose category. n
More than 22, 000 people were evacuated on Saturday after a fire broke out on one of the stages at Tomorrowland Unite music festival in Barcelona, Spain. It is believed the fire could have been triggered by a firework display which was part of the show. Firefighters managed to extinguish the flame and no injuries have been reported, said the organisers. 
A picture showing a Hindu CRPF officer standing guard as a Muslim officer offers his namaz during duty hours has gone viral. The picture was originally shared on CRPF' s official Twitter account, with the caption ' Brothers- in- arms for peace' . " Pic wid million of words n msg, it represnt what we are n real sprit of Harmony" , a person tweeted on the picture. 
Capita, one of the UK? s largest outsourcing companies, has demanded up to £ 21, 000 ( ? 17. 7 lakh) from graduates who tried to leave an unpaid training scheme. Former trainees said the training lacked any on- the- job experience and called it ? absolutely useless? . Capita has said participants were made fully aware that free training is provided to only those who successfully complete the course. 
Actor Rana Daggubati has confirmed that he has signed his first international project with The London Digital Movie & TV Studios. He has also been appointed the Asian Brand Ambassador of the studio. The details of the rest of the cast and crew will be revealed in September and the project will begin in 2018. 
Actor Emraan Hashmi, whose film ' Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai' completed seven years on Sunday, said that people had never imagined him in this kind of cinema, considering the serial- kisser tag he had. " The director Milan Luthria and the producers dared to take the risk, and had belief in the potential of the film, " Emraan added. 
Indian women' s cricket team pacer Jhulan Goswami has said she has no time for a romantic relationship. " I am focusing on the game. If I cannot devote time to a relationship then I will not be able to do justice to it. I would prefer to do one thing at a time. . . there' s a lot of time for that, " said the 34- year- old. 
USA' s Caeleb Dressel won three gold medals within 90 minutes at the World Aquatics Championships on Saturday, to become the world' s first swimmer to ace three events on a single night at a world meet. Dressel' s medal haul comprised individual golds in 50- metre freestyle and 100- metre butterfly, besides a world record- breaking performance in the 4x100- metre mixed freestyle relay. 
Between 2012 and 2017, 523 cases of wetland destruction were reported in Maharashtra, according to a report by Mumbai- based NGO Vanashakti. While ten major cases were reported from Mumbai Metropolitan Region, most cases were reported in other areas such as Thane and Dombivli. Bombay High Court had banned construction on wetlands after the NGO filed a PIL to protect them. 
Following all- rounder Hardik Pandya' s Test debut against Sri Lanka, captain Virat Kohli said, " If he grows in confidence, you see someone like Ben Stokes, what he does for England. He brings in a great balance as an all- rounder. " The skipper also praised Pandya' s batting, fielding and bowling skills and said that he has " a lot of faith in him" . 
Pakistan Cricket Board has reserved over ? 60 crore to bear the legal costs of filing compensation claim against the BCCI in the ICC disputes resolution committee. PCB chairman Shahrayar Khan said that the board had no option but to seek compensation from BCCI for not playing any bilateral series with Pakistan despite a MoU signed between the boards. 
India Women cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur asked Narendra Modi if he had a clothes designer, during the side' s meeting with him after their runners- up finish in the Women' s World Cup. Modi reportedly said he did not have a designer and relied on his old tailor in Ahmedabad. He added the tailor would earlier charge ? 20- 25, but has now increased his charges. 
A new study has found the rule that patients must complete the course of their prescribed antibiotics is false instead they should stop taking the drugs when they feel better. The study disproves traditional practice of completing courses, which claims that taking too few tablets allows the disease- causing bacteria to mutate and become resistant to the drug. 
Union Minister Jitendra Singh on Saturday said the tricolour flag is sacrosanct and will fly as high in J& K as any other state in the country. This was in reference to J& K CM Mehbooba Mufti' s earlier comment that nobody in the state will hold the tricolour if there was any change to Article 35( A) . 
Television actress Narayani Shastri has said that if audiences saw Sridevi' s ' Nagina' several times when it released, then what is the problem with such shows on television. She added, " People who find the naagin concept regressive, ask them if they watch international shows on vampires. " However, Narayani further said that the quality of such Indian shows can be improved. nn
Actor Rana Daggubati, while speaking about Hyderabad drug racket case, has said he is not bothered about actors taking drugs as they are adults, but he is worried about school children taking drugs. " When youngsters who do not have a mind of their own are doing drugs, it scares me, " he added. Rana further said it is something that needs to be taken more seriously. 
Actor Tiger Shroff has said he is an overprotective brother and is the kind of person who wants to wrap his sister in a blanket. He added, " I know that after saying this, people will. . . say, ' Oh, he is a sexist, ' and I will be called all sorts of names. But I do not care. " Tiger' s sister Krishna Shroff is three years younger to him. 
Actress Shamita Shetty has said that she does not mind getting married even at the age of 40 or 50. " I' m not going to sit and stress over it or plan things out, " added the 38- year- old actress. " I don? t believe in falling in love today, getting married and if it does not work, you go your own way, " Shamita further said. nn
Television actress Divyanka Tripathi has said if people think TV actors cannot endorse a popular brand, she would consider it backward thinking. " We' ve become a brand in ourselves, beyond our shows. My fans look up to me, " she added. Divyanka further said the number of followers TV actors have on social media is not any less than that of film actors. 
Over 12 lakh businesses have applied for fresh registration under the Goods and Services Tax ( GST) regime, Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia said. According to reports, 10 lakh applications have been approved, while 2 lakh are pending approval. Notably, businesses have time till July 30 to register under the GST. 
Over 45, 000 tent vendors from the Rajasthan Tent Dealers Kiraya Vyavsai Samiti have reportedly refused to supply to weddings without verifying the birth certificates of the bride and groom, to protest the custom of child marriage. Further, the association will inform the nearest police station in case there is any discrepancy in the birth certificates. 
The husband of former Doordarshan anchor Kanchan met CM Devendra Fadnavis, alleging that inaction by the BMC led to his wife' s death after a tree fell on her. Fadnavis assured him that action has been initiated against the garden department of BMC. The BMC had reportedly earlier decided to prune the tree after an inspection, instead of cutting it down. 
Delhi police today arrested a 34- year- old man who was accused of beating former international powerlifter Anil Sharma in Delhi last week. The accused, identified as Ashwini Naath alias Aashu, told the police that he and the other accused had a heated argument with Sharma after which they attacked him. He confessed that he was unaware of intensity of Sharma' s injuries. 
Jammu & Kashmir CM Mehbooba Mufti on Friday said no one will hold the tricolour if Kashmiri citizens' privileges are altered. " Let me be very clear. By doing this ( challenging Article 35- A) , you are not targeting the separatists, " Mufti said. " Their ( separatists' ) agenda is different and totally secessionist but you are weakening those powers which trust India, " she added. 
Indian Air Force officers violated regulations by claiming allowances after visiting foreign countries, causing a loss of more than ? 82 lakh, the Comptroller and Auditor General reported. Military officers can claim leave travel concessions ( LTC) only for visits within India when they are on leave, but 49 officers availed LTC while visiting foreign countries between 2010 and 2015, it added. 
Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said that those who used to talk about DNA have now joined the NDA ( National Democratic Alliance) . The remarks were in reference to PM Narendra Modi allegedly questioning the DNA of Bihar CM Nitish Kumar in 2015. However, Modi had later clarified that he was instead talking about the " DNA of democracy" . 
A car reportedly rammed into 3 men working on a flyover on Mumbai' s Western Express Highway on Friday afternoon, killing two and injuring one. The driver and a passenger survived the crash and fled from the scene. The driver was later arrested from his house and booked under IPC sections 304 ( A) ( causing death by negligence) and 279 ( rash driving) . 
A 14- year- old girl was raped twice in one night in UK' s Birmingham by different attackers, according to reports. The young victim was first raped at a railway station and was later sexually assaulted in a car. Police have arrested two suspects in relation to the first rape incident and have launched an investigation into the second attack. 
Tesla Co- founder and CEO Elon Musk described the task of meeting his set goals for the production of Model 3 cars as a " manufacturing hell. " The reservations for the car exceed 5 lakh according to Tesla Chief Executive Officer. This comes after the launch of Tesla' s Model 3 on Friday, which has a range of 354 km on one charge. 
A 36- year- old woman and her teenage daughter fell ill after they accidentally cooked and ate a baby snake along with cabbage in Indore, Madhya Pradesh. " A snake? s poison becomes dangerous when it mixes in blood and gets circulated. We will monitor the condition of both the patients for the next couple of days, " a doctor treating the mother- daughter duo said. 
Indian sprinter Dutee Chand has received an invitation from the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF) to participate in August' s World Championships' 100m dash event as the target number of 56 athletes was not reached. Initially, Dutee was not able to qualify for the Championships, but later got a call following her season best of 11. 30 seconds. 
After a JNU student' s Facebook post alleging he was beaten up at a Delhi metro station by CISF personnel went viral, the organisation has ordered an enquiry into the matter. The student also mentioned the personnel made remarks like he would be " sent to Pakistan" . The personnel got enraged when he ' defied' their instructions to take off earphones, he said. 
China and Russia bear " unique and special responsibility" for the threat posed by North Korea, US State Secretary Rex Tillerson said on Saturday following the reclusive state' s latest and second intercontinental ballistic missile ( ICBM) test. Tillerson further described the test- launch, which was North Korea' s 14th this year, as a blatant violation of multiple UN security council resolutions. n
Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday expanded the Cabinet, inducting 27 new ministers which included 14 JD( U) , 12 BJP and 1 LJP legislator. The oath- taking ceremony, held at Raj Bhawan in Patna, was attended by the CM along with Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan. This comes after Nitish split from the Grand Alliance and aligned with the BJP- led NDA. 
A 59- year- old Chinese woman Zhu Najuan transformed her appearance through plastic surgery in order to avoid personal debts of over ? 23 crore, according to reports. " She looked in her thirties and was different from the photos we had, " police officers who arrested the woman said. Najuan financed her plastic surgery using borrowed bank cards, reports added. 
Hollywood actor Mark Rylance has revealed that filmmaker Christopher Nolan does not like to have water bottles or chairs on a film' s set. He added, " They' re distractions - the noise of [ the bottles] , they are like toys almost, playing around with toys. [ The lack of chairs, meanwhile] keeps you on your toes. " Mark worked with Nolan in the recently released film ' Dunkirk' . nn
Following the demise of Linkin Park' s vocalist Chester Bennington, his wife Talinda Bennington said she has lost her soulmate and their children have lost their hero. She added, " He was a bright, loving soul with an angel' s voice. And now he is pain free, singing his songs in all of our hearts. " Bennington was found dead in his residence last week. n
FMCG major Hindustan Unilever has said GST has not impacted consumer off- take and expects price cuts undertaken by it to drive sales. " With us taking the lead in reducing the consumer price, it should give a fillip to consumer demand, " CEO Sanjiv Mehta said. HUL had reduced prices of some products, extending tax benefits it got under GST to consumers. 
Actress Shenaz Treasury, while speaking about nepotism, said we live in a very classist society. " Nepotism exists. Not just in Bollywood but in every profession in India, " she added. Further, speaking about Kangana Ranaut who called filmmaker Karan Johar ' flagbearer of nepotism' , Shenaz said, " People like Kangana have to work a million times harder than someone from a filmy family. " 
A boxing match which was supposed to be a World Featherweight title eliminator was cancelled on Friday with less than 24- hour notice after a contender fell in the shower, breaking his teeth and injuring his face. Mexican boxer Andrés Gutiérrez, a former world champion in featherweight and super- bantamweight, was due to fight Northern Ireland' s Carl Frampton in his home town. 
Body parts have been found on Mont Blanc in the French Alps that might belong to passengers killed in one of the two Air India plane crashes over 50 years ago. Daniel Roche, who spent years combing glaciers looking for remains, found a hand and part of a leg. Roche also found one jet engine of 1966 Air India flight. 
Ghaziabad health department is reportedly planning to give ? 1 lakh under three instalments to pregnant women who act as informers and help expose sex determination centres across Uttar Pradesh. An official said that in order to be eligible for the amount, the informer will have to give an undertaking that she will not abort the child if it was a girl. 
' Judge Uncle' is the presiding deity at the Devi temple in Kerala, and locals believe the judge saves ' innocents' trapped in legal hassles. Eighteenth- century judge Govinda Pillai, known for impartial judgements, had wrongly sentenced his nephew to death. Pillai ordered his own death for the error, and his soul is believed to be confined in a ' stone' at the shrine. 
A youth leader of the Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) , Minhaj Khan, a close aide of controversial former MP Mohammad Shahabuddin, was shot dead by unidentified gunmen on Saturday. Khan was asleep at his house when gunmen opened fire at him around 3 am. Khan? s family members have accused criminal Raju Khan and his accomplices of plotting the murder. 
Mumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam on Saturday said that Congress workers will ' gherao' the Mumbai University on August 2, if it does not declare the results by July 31. According to Congress, over 20 lakh answer sheets are yet to be checked. Nirupam alleged that the online- assessment firm got the contract with MU without proper tendering process due to BJP' s support. 
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Narayan Rane on Friday targeted the Shiv Sena and Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation in Maharashtra Legislative Council over Mumbai not becoming a world class city. He said that while Singapore and Shanghai which had come up in last three decades had become world class cities, Mumbai which came up 152 years ago, was still lagging behind. 
A Russia- bound man was arrested at Delhi Airport on Friday for allegedly carrying ? 50, 000 ( nearly ? 40 lakh) in an unauthorised manner, a senior official has said. The passenger, identified as Rohit Kumar, was intercepted by CISF personnel after his baggage check revealed a suspicious packet containing five envelopes. The five envelopes contained ? 10, 000 each. 
Ghaziabad police on Friday arrested three men for allegedly looting ? 7. 7 lakh at gunpoint from a Mother Dairy booth owner and his nephew in Modi Nagar. " They were watching the distributor for nearly two months before they carried out the strike, " said an official. However, victims said that they could not identify the robbers as they wore helmets during the robbery. 
The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram ( MCG) has sealed 52 properties of tax defaulters since Wednesday, while around 600 properties have been sealed in the city so far. The MCG will start auctioning the sealed properties from next month to recover dues. Notably, the civic body collected around ? 500 crore in property tax in the last fiscal year. 
Hollywood actor George Clooney has said he will sue French entertainment magazine Voici for publishing images of his twins without his permission. " [ P] hotographers from Voici magazine scaled our fence, climbed our tree and illegally took pictures of our infants inside our home, " Clooney said in a statement. The twins, Ella and Alexander, were born in June this year. n
Residents of Bandra' s D' monte Street said they will file a criminal complaint against the authorities for demolishing a 120- year- old cross on April 29. " We want the BMC to reinstate the cross. The criminal charge- sheet is for wrongly marking the shrine and demolishing it, " they said. Residents also said that the cross was legal and was on the owner' s private property. 
Mumbai traffic police on Friday issued an order restricting traffic movement in Marol till July 31 over the construction of a metro station there. Authorities have advised the commuters to plan their rides according to the restrictions which include diversions, one- ways, no entries and no- parking areas. The order prevents entry of vehicles from Andheri- Kurla Road towards Makwana Road among others. 
Maharashtra government on Friday announced plans to make installation of GPS system mandatory in black- and- yellow taxis and autorickshaws. The issue was raised by an Opposition leader, who said that passengers' safety had become cause for concern. " Autorickshaws and conventional taxis will have to install GPS system on the lines of app- based aggregators such as Ola and Uber, " said an official. 
RSS- backed Goa Suraksha Manch ( GSM) has come up with a rap song targeting Goa CM Manohar Parrikar for his " failed promises and political treachery" . The song titled ' Mannu Aamka Tuzyawar Bharosa Nai Hai' features GSM workers questioning ' Mannu' ( Manohar Parrikar) for backing casino industry. Song also entails verses like " Mannu we do not trust you. . . You are a destroyer of Goa. " 
Producer Siddharth Roy Kapur has said making a biopic on a political figure has become radioactive nowadays. He added that filmmakers are self- censoring the subjects they pick for movies as they are concerned about the Censor Board. " In that process, we might be losing out on interesting stories that should be told, and I hope the environment changes, " Siddharth further said. 
The Bengaluru- based firm which was carrying out on- screen assessment of answer sheets has said that the Mumbai University results were delayed because the varsity did not provide them with a consolidated list of evaluators. The university, however, said that it had given them a list of 10, 000 evaluators and it was the firm' s job to consolidate it into the desired format. 
The International Tiger Day, an annual celebration to promote a system for protecting natural habitats of tigers and to raise public awareness for tiger conservation, is celebrated worldwide on July 29. It was first observed in 2010 at the Saint Petersburg Tiger Summit. Reportedly, the world has lost 97% of all wild tigers in a bit over 100 years. 
Congress has alleged that arms and lethal weapons training is being imparted to Bajrang Dal and VHP volunteers in Assam to terrorise it. Assam' s Congress Committee chief said, " The training is being given with a motive to attack the rival parties" . The leader also met Union Minister Rajnath Singh and demanded action against " those practising this without a valid licence" . 
Farmers on Friday blocked the passage of Haldia Express train passing through Greater Noida, demanding an increased compensation for their agricultural land earmarked for the 135 km Eastern Peripheral Expressway. They demanded a price four times the current compensation rate of ? 3, 640 per square metre. Notably, farmers have been protesting on the expressway site since the past four months. 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi accused Chhattisgarh' s ruling party BJP of killing Dalits, tribals and small traders for the sake of power. Gandhi went on to term BJP as the " party of lies" and urged his party functionaries to defeat BJP with Congress' " power of truth" . He advised party workers on how to effectively use social media to mobilise support. 
The Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) has alleged that Delhi Police was filing ' baseless' and ' fabricated' charges against its legislators. Despite knowing that the complaint was politically motivated, police charged MLA Prakash Jarwal with molestation, AAP leader Atishi Marlena said. Molestation charges against Jarwal were later struck down by the court which granted him anticipatory bail, Marlena added. 
The UK has lifted an in- cabin laptop ban on Turkish Airlines and Pegasus. The Transport Department said the restrictions " will be lifted on a case- by- case basis once the UK government has verified that airlines have put in place alternative security measures. " The UK had imposed the ban on direct flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia. 
Maharashtra government on Friday announced that integrated coaching will not be allowed in the state from the next academic year. It will be compulsory to attend college lectures and attendance will be marked through bio- metric system, reports said. Notably, integrated coaching is an arrangement between colleges and coaching centres, in which students do not need to attend college lectures. 
Thane Municipal Corporation has restarted Star Grade, an application to report potholes, after several complaints were made about the same. It was launched two years ago and had reportedly become popular among residents. However, the app was stopped over non- renewal of its maintenance contract. Residents can upload pictures of potholes on the app and alert officials to take action. 
A new satirical animated series focusing on US President Donald Trump is set to be made by Stephen Colbert, the host of American talk show ' The Late Show' for the television network ' Showtime' . " I know a lot of people wanted to do this, and I am honoured that the Cartoon President invited our documentary crew into his private world, " said Colbert. 
BJP MLA Raj Purohit has demanded that the Maharashtra government make the singing of ' Vande Mataram' compulsory in educational institutions in the state. In response, SP MLA Abu Azmi said no true Muslim will sing it as Islam does not permit it. Following this, Shiv Sena minister Diwakar Rawat said those who opposed the demand must shift to Pakistan. 
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday announced a loan waiver for an additional 10 lakh farmers who had been left out of last month' s waiver, which amounted to over ? 34, 000 crore. This will reportedly add a ? 8, 000- crore burden on the state. Fadnavis further criticised the Opposition for alleged anomalies in the 2008- 2009 loan waiver package. 
The Centre informed the Lok Sabha there is no proposal in consideration to scrap Sahayak or buddy system in the Army. This comes after several jawans voiced their outrage against the system saying they are treated like servants by senior officers. Notably, under Sahayak system, a jawan is attached to officers and their duties include protecting and helping the officers. 
North Delhi mayor Preeti Aggarwal on Thursday directed the Municipal Commissioner to give all councillors ? 25 lakh each during a North Delhi Municipal Corporation ( NDMC) meeting. " She directed that each councillor be provided with ? 25 lakh for development work in their respective wards, " an official said. Delhi government' s ' party politics' was not allowing NDMC to function, she reportedly said. 
Canadian PM Justin Trudeau was slammed after he explained why he had fought an indigenous politician in a boxing match in 2012. Trudeau recalled in an interview that he decided to fight politician Patrick Brazeau since it was " the right story to tell" . " So ' privileged white guy beats up Indian' was the ' right kind of narrative? ' Seriously? " , a user tweeted. 
US President Donald Trump has forced out his White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and named the Homeland Security Secretary, General John Kelly, as the replacement. This comes after Trump' s new Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci slammed Priebus as a " fu* * ing paranoid schizophrenic" . Priebus has reportedly claimed that he resigned privately on Thursday. 
The Congress flew 44 of its Gujarat MLAs to Bengaluru on Friday night to reportedly prevent them from switching sides to the BJP. This comes after six Congress MLAs resigned, and five of them joined the BJP over the last two days. The legislators will reportedly stay at a resort till the Rajya Sabha elections on August 8. 
Bengaluru was ranked 40th on Dell' s annual Women Entrepreneur ( WE) Cities Index of the world' s top 50 cities that foster the growth of women entrepreneurs. New York topped the list, followed by Bay Area, London, and Boston. The study ranked cities based on the impact of local policies, programmes, and characteristics in addition to national laws and customs. 
Rajya Sabha proceedings were adjourned on Friday after Congress members reportedly created a disturbance to protest the alleged abduction of their MLA by police in Gujarat. They also accused BJP of ' stealing' MLAs to influence the upcoming Rajya Sabha elections and forced repeated adjournments. Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi demanded Congress' apology to Gujarat for ' tarnishing its image' . 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday claimed that he knew about Bihar CM Nitish Kumar' s plans to leave the Congress- RJD- JD( U) alliance and form a new government with BJP for the past three or four months. Adding that people go to any extent for power, he said there was no rule or credibility in Indian politics. 
The Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority ( YEIDA) has sought ? 2, 000 crore from the Uttar Pradesh government to acquire the initial 1, 000 hectares of agricultural land for the Noida International Airport project. However, the Uttar Pradesh government wants the Centre to fund this project, or at least share 50% of the ? 2, 000 crore amount with the state, YEIDA officials said. 
Actress Kriti Sanon has said that when she was struggling to enter films, somebody told her she was too good- looking and there have to be imperfections for looking real onscreen. She added, " I think I did feel low, but at the same time, I did have people who believed in me. " Kriti made her Bollywood debut with 2014 film ' Heropanti' . 
A 20- year- old man was allegedly beaten to death by three men in Delhi after he sought more time to pay back ? 1, 500 that he had borrowed from one of them. The accused chased the man even after he scaled a railway station wall. They were arrested by police who spotted them beating up the victim on the railway platform. 
The official website of Noida' s Galgotias University was hacked on Tuesday and pro- Pakistan slogans were posted on its home page. The website, which remained hacked for an hour- and- a- half, had hate messages and slogans such as ' Pakistan Zindabad' , ' ISI Zindabad' and ' India Banee gaa PAKISTAN' . The issue was resolved internally and the website was restored by the university' s IT cell. 
The Maharashtra government reportedly plans to launch a mobile app which can be used by farmers to fill loan waiver forms. The app will have a two- page form in which farmers will have to put their personal details including name, PAN card number, and Aadhaar number. Farmers benefiting from last month' s loan waiver are expected to fill the forms. 
A 17- year- old boy in Delhi was forced to drink acid by a group of men following an argument that started when he refused to sell them paneer owing to a shortage of fresh stock, according to reports. The men reportedly held the victim inside the dairy shop run by his family and forcefully poured acid into his mouth. 
The Maharashtra government is reportedly considering reserving seats in colleges for students who live nearby. This comes after several legislators complained that junior college students are forced to travel longer distances despite having many colleges near their homes. Education Minister Vinod Tawde said the department will hold a meeting of all stakeholders to discuss the issue. 
White House Communications Director Anthony Scaramucci was quoted in an interview calling Chief of Staff Reince Priebus " a fuc* * ng paranoid schizophrenic" . He also used foul language to describe Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. Earlier, Scaramucci had warned that he would " fire everybody" in the White House over leaks allegedly by the staff. 
' Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets' , which released on Friday, is a " visually dazzling passion project ( that) cannot take flight, " wrote Hindustan Times. " The audience is left with ocular diabetes and hardly any savoury storytelling, " wrote Times Of India, while Koimoi called the film " too predictable" . The film has been rated 1/ 5 ( HT) , 3. 5/ 5 ( TOI) and 1. 5/ 5 ( Koimoi) . 
Billionaire Richard Branson has announced that he is selling 31% of Virgin Atlantic, giving up his controlling interest in the airline he founded in 1984. Branson will receive over $ 288 million ( over ? 1, 800 crore) from the stake sale to Air France- KLM. He will retain a 20% stake and remain as the Chairman of the airline. 
Arjun Rampal, while talking about rumours of a brawl with fans over a selfie, said, " Why would I fight with someone who is asking me for a selfie? " Arjun added, " I have always respected my fans and it is because of their love that I am here. " He further said celebrities should always oblige fans asking for selfies or autographs. 
Varun Dhawan, while talking about marrying his girlfriend Natasha Dalal, said that they have not thought that much ahead. Varun added, " When you find someone and that connection is formed, then everything else. . . doesn' t actually matter. " He further said that Natasha is not from the film industry and he tries as much as he can to protect her from the media frenzy. n
Actors Taapsee Pannu and Rishi Kapoor will be seen together in an upcoming film titled ' Mulk' . Taapsee will reportedly play the role of Rishi' s daughter- in- law in the film which will be directed by Anubhav Sinha. The film will be shot in the upcoming months in Varanasi and Lucknow. 
The Lok Sabha on Friday passed the Indian Institute of Management ( IIM) Bill, 2017 that aims at giving B- schools more autonomy and will allow them to grant degrees. The IIM Bill pushes for the declaration of 20 existing IIMs as institutions of national importance. " It is difficult to run IIMs from here ( New Delhi) , " HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar said. 
Akshay Kumar, while talking about the picture which showed him waving the Indian flag upside down at Women' s World Cup final, explained he was trying to steady it but someone from behind clicked the photo. " If you watch it on television, you will see I am holding it right, " he added. However, Akshay also apologised if someone' s sentiments were hurt. 
Actor- television host Jaaved Jaaferi has shared a picture on Twitter of his physical transformation at the age of 53, following four months of training. Jaaferi is preparing for his role in the stage adaptation of ' Monsoon Wedding' . Former Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah tweeted, " Very inspiring. I am tempted to ask you for your diet and workout plans Jaaved bhai. " 
' Raag Desh' , a film based on the 1945- 1946 Red Fort trials, " is a heavy dose of patriotism. . . totally worth your time" , wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV wrote the film " reminds about the sacrifices of brave men and women" while Times of India said that the film " educates about the socio- political climate of that time" . It was rated 3. 5/ 5 ( HT) , 3/ 5 ( NDTV, TOI) . 
Virat Kohli became the fastest Indian captain to score 1, 000 runs in overseas Test matches, achieving the milestone in his 17th away Test innings as captain against Sri Lanka on Friday. Kohli surpassed the record of Sachin Tendulkar who had reached the milestone in his 19th innings. Notably, Kohli became the seventh Indian captain to score 1, 000- plus overseas Test runs. 
The Supreme Court on Friday dismissed a plea seeking its nod for terminating the 32- week- old pregnancy of a 10- year- old rape victim. The SC made the decision after taking note of a medical report stating that abortion was neither good for the girl nor the foetus. It is prohibited to terminate any pregnancy in India after 20 weeks without court' s permission. n
Actress Dia Mirza turned showstopper for designer Anju Modi' s ' Sunehri Kothi' collection at the India Couture Week. Dia walked the runway in an organza lehenga and an embroidered maroon velvet blouse, paired with a sheer white dupatta. " I took inspiration from the miniature art of 16th Century Rajasthan, especially Kishangarh. Dia looks like a princess from Rajasthan, " said Anju. 
Kamal Haasan, while addressing rumours that his daughter Akshara has changed her religion, tweeted he loves her even if she has done so. Replying to this, Akshara wrote, " [ S] till an atheist. Although I agree with Buddhism as it is a way of life and in an individual' s way of life" . Earlier, there were reports that Akshara had converted to Buddhism. 
The Delhi Police will reportedly get around 30 sniffer and explosive- detection dogs in a month from the Indian Army Veterinary Corps. The dogs will help police deal with security challenges in the Capital, reports said. Delhi hosts several high- profile events which attract anti- national elements and so security of these venues is a top priority, a police official said. 
Union Minister Smriti Irani reposted an old picture of herself with her husband Zubin Irani on Instagram with the caption, " Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love. . . the things you are, the things you never want to lose - The Wonder Years. " The picture, posted on Thursday, has received more than 10, 300 likes. 
Shyamwar Rai, the driver who turned approver in the Sheena Bora murder case, told the court on Friday that Indrani Mukerjea once said to him that she wanted to kill Sheena and Mikhail. " Indrani madam asked me to drive towards Taj Lands End ( Mumbai) . She sat on Sheena' s face and strangulated her to death, " he added. 
Plus- size blogger Callie Thorpe has slammed people for posting abusive comments on a picture which showed her wearing a bikini. She posted a video titled ' Dealing with abuse' , in which she has spoken about how she felt after reading those comments. " You do not know how much these things hurt people. . . and it is not acceptable, " she said in the video. 
The Supreme Court on Thursday ruled that police will conduct a preliminary enquiry before making any arrest in dowry harassment cases to ensure there is no misuse of law. A Family Welfare Committee will be set up in every district to scrutinise the cases, only after which will the arrests be made effective, the court said. 
The Arjun Kapoor and Anil Kapoor starrer ' Mubarakan' which released on Friday " shows some witty character sketches before losing its charm" , wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV wrote, " The film goes overboard with its excessive cheeriness. . . into the realms of inanity" , while Times of India called the film' s three actresses " decorative set- pieces" . It was rated 2. 5/ 5 ( HT) , 2/ 5 ( NDTV) and 3/ 5 ( TOI) . 
Amid the ongoing border standoff with China, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday told the Lok Sabha that the Indian armed forces are fully equipped to face any contingency. This comes a week after the CAG had slammed the Ordnance Factory Board ( OFB) for inadequate quality of ammunition supplied to the Army since March 2013. 
US- based Fenox Venture Capital' s CEO Anis Uzzaman has sued rival firm' s male CEO Brandon Hill for allegedly pretending to be a female harassment victim in an anonymous blog post. Uzzaman claims Hill accused him of sexual misconduct in the post to damage his reputation. Uzzaman' s attorneys said the blog post was traced to the IP address of his rival' s house. 
Actress Huma Qureshi, who turned 31 on Friday, said that the best birthday gift she ever got was her first car gifted by her father when she was in college. Huma made her acting debut with Anurag Kashyap' s ' Gangs of Wasseypur' opposite Nawazuddin Siddiqui. Known for films like ' Dedh Ishqiya' and ' Badlapur' , her latest Bollywood release was ' Jolly LLB 2' . 
Actress Kajol has shared a picture with Rosmah Mansor, the first lady of Malaysia, on her social media which she captioned, " One more for the women' s club" . Kajol is in Malaysia to promote her upcoming film ' VIP 2' with Dhanush. Soundarya Rajinikanth, who has directed the film, can also be seen in the picture. n
A 37- year- old man was arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle eight gold bars worth ? 57 lakh at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi on Wednesday. The accused, a native of Rajasthan, was intercepted after his arrival from Riyadh via Bahrain. Customs said, " The said eight gold bars were found concealed in the electric wire roll. " 
Reacting to Shashi Tharoor' s tweet on definition of the word ' snollygoster' , a user tweeted, " Following you will help me crack CAT with 100 percentile in English. " Another user tweeted, " There can not be snollygoster more apt for any other person than Nitish Kumar" , while one more read, " Just retweeting and I feel like I have earned my Wren N Martin Medal. " 
American footballer John Urschel, who played for the Baltimore Ravens, has retired from football to complete his doctoral degree in applied mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Urschel' s decision comes after a research involving brains of 111 former NFL players found that 99% of them suffered from a degenerative brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy ( CTE) . 
Former international athlete Anil Sharma has been admitted to a city hospital after he was beaten up with bricks and rods following an argument with a group of men in Delhi last week. Sharma is said to be in critical condition and his kidney, pancreas and part of his intestine were reportedly removed. 
New Explosive Trace Detectors at Delhi Airport can trace if any items in passengers' bags were in contact with any explosives in the past 24 hours. Shaped like card swipe machines, they are used on random passengers to increase security in the check- in area. The CISF said they can penetrate into bags, meaning they do not need to be opened. 
Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Friday said that he changed sides by splitting from the Grand Alliance and joining hands with the BJP for ' sewa' ( serving) , and not ' mewa' ( profit) . " I faced lot of resistance trying to run the government in the best interest of people of Bihar and preserve the Mahagathbandhan, but failed due to RJD' s attitude, " he added. 
Gujarat MLAs Mansingh Chouhan and Chhanabhai Chaudhary have quit Congress to join BJP on Friday, a day after three other MLAs had quit the party and joined BJP. The resignations come days after senior Congress leader Shankersinh Vaghela was sacked from the party. Notably, Gujarat Assembly elections for the 182- member House will be held by the end of this year. 
Actor Akshay Kumar, while talking about an incident from his childhood, revealed that he was touched inappropriately by an elevator operator. Akshay added, " Since I had good communication with my parents, I told them about this incident. " Akshay further said his father filed a complaint against the man, who was later arrested and found to be a habitual offender. 
' Indu Sarkar' , which is based on 1975 Emergency, is " confused between criticising the sarkar and championing it" , wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV said, " It' s high on dramatic flourish, low on impact. " Meanwhile, Times of India wrote, " Indu Sarkar is at its best when it focuses on its protagonist' s emotional struggles. . . leaving politics behind. " It was rated 3/ 5 ( TOI) , 2/ 5 ( HT) , 1. 5/ 5 ( NDTV) . 
The Andhra Pradesh government on Thursday issued orders appointing badminton star and 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist PV Sindhu as Deputy Collector. Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu handed over the appointment letter to Sindhu, who met him at the Secretariat in Amaravati along with her parents. Notably, Sindhu had been awarded ? 3 crore by the state government. 
A Russian man suspected of laundering at least $ 4 billion in digital currency Bitcoin has been arrested in Greece on Wednesday. The accused, Alexander Vinnik was described as the operator of BTC- e, an exchange used to trade Bitcoin since 2011, by US officials. Vinnik reportedly laundered the money for people involved in crimes like computer hacking and drug trafficking. 
A drunk woman who was caught for rash driving started hugging and kissing a policeman after he approached her, Kolkata Police said on Thursday. Other policemen stopped her after seeking the help of another woman nearby. The incident occurred around midnight, and the accused, in her late 30s, was taken to the police station with two other people accompanying her. 
A father- son duo, who were owners of a roadside eatery in Delhi' s Najafgarh, were shot dead by four people on Wednesday, following an argument over the direction of air- cooler. Reportedly, the accused had insisted on turning the cooler vent to their direction after which they shot the owners when they rejected their demand, saying other customers also required the cooler. 
The University Grants Commission has directed universities across the country to install alarm bells in hostels to keep a check on ragging- related activities. A circular issued by UGC also stated that if institutions fail to punish perpetrators suitably, it will attract punitive action. Notably, 288 ragging complaints have been received by the anti- ragging call centre so far this year. 
A research conducted on the donated brains of 111 NFL players has found that 99% of them showed symptoms of a degenerative brain disease known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy ( CTE) . The study also found that the disease was increasingly severe in players who had spent more time on the field. 
An ISIS suspect from Bengaluru, who lived with a fake name in Himachal Pradesh' s Kullu district church, was sentenced to five- year jail term by an NIA court on Thursday. He was arrested in December 2016 and was on NIA' s radar. He confessed working with ISIS' sleeper cell and revealed that some of his plans did not mature due to insufficient funds. 
Officials of India and Bangladesh on Thursday agreed to construct gates along the border to allow free and safe passage for wild elephants. Officials have identified 12 points in Meghalaya and one in Assam along the border where fences would be pulled down to build gates. The initiative would also permit transboundary movement of elephant rescue teams. 
A woman has sued Airbnb for negligence for allowing her to rent a Los Angeles room from a host previously accused of domestic violence. Leslie Lapayowker alleged Carlos Del Olmo, listed as a " superhost" for positive reviews, sexually assaulted her. Airbnb said it had conducted a background check but allowed Del Olmo to be a host because he was not convicted. 
Australia' s Queensland is building a 2, 000- kilometre network of electric vehicle charging stations, which will make up one of the longest electric vehicle highways in the world. The Electric Super Highway will be completed within six months. Its stations will offer free power for at least one year, in an attempt to boost the number of electric cars in Queensland. 
A support of 122 MLAs is needed to form the government in the 243- seat Bihar Assembly. Nitish Kumar, who will face the floor test on Friday, has the backing of JD( U) ' s 71 MLAs, BJP' s 53 MLAs, and other NDA partners' 5 MLAs. Apart from that, two independent MLAs have extended support to the new alliance, taking the total to 131. 
A Pakistani woman, Hijaab Asif, praised Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj after the latter directed the Indian High Commission in Pakistan to issue Asif a medical visa. " @ SushmaSwaraj What do I call you? Superwoman? God? No words to describe your generosity! " she wrote in a tweet, adding that Pakistan would have changed if she were their Prime Minister. 
US magazine Rolling Stone featured Canadian PM Justin Trudeau on the cover of its latest issue and questioned, " Why cannot he be our President? " The magazine also published a 6, 500- word article highlighting the difference between Trudeau' s liberal views on health care, marijuana legalisation, and environment policies and those of Trump. Notably, only American- born US citizens can become President. 
The UK will send its two new aircraft carriers on " freedom of navigation" operations in disputed South China Sea waters, amid increasing tensions between China and UK' s ally the US, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said. China claims it enjoys exclusive control over a massive portion of the energy- rich South China Sea while the US considers it international waters. 
US President Donald Trump has donated his second quarter salary of $ 100, 000 ( ? 64 lakh) to the country' s education department to help American students get access to high- quality education. The donation will be used for hosting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics camps for students. Trump had donated his first quarter salary for the restoration of projects at a national battlefield. 
There are as many as 72 countries and territories worldwide which criminalise same- sex relationships, according to a report by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association. Homosexuality can result in a death penalty in eight countries, including Iran and Saudi Arabia, while in dozen other countries homosexual acts are punishable by a prison sentence, the report added. 
Actress Richa Chadha said that as a nation, India wants 4G and 5G, but does not want women to have the same rights as men. Richa added, " We do not want all communities and castes to have same rights as others. " She further said that if she had been living anywhere else other than India, she would have been more open. 
The Maharashtra government will initiate a probe into the delay in declaration of results of the examinations conducted by the Mumbai University ( MU) , state education minister Vinod Tawde said on Wednesday. The minister also added that around 70% of the total papers have been checked and the remaining 30% will be completed by July 31. 
Rescue operations at the collapsed four- storey building in Mumbai' s Ghatkopar ended on Wednesday after 30 hours, with the death toll rising to 17. Reportedly, 90 fire brigade personnel, 300 rescue workers, and 50 NDRF men participated in the rescue operations. A Shiv Sena leader who owned the building' s ground floor was booked over renovations that weakened the building structure. 
A 13- year- old boy from Mumbai, who was allegedly gangraped earlier this month, died of multiple organ failure on Tuesday after consuming rat poison on July 12. The boy was assaulted along with his 10- year- old friend, who also consumed poison with him but died earlier. Currently, the police have questioned all his friends and are trying to identify the accused. 
The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission ( DERC) has directed power distribution companies in Delhi to either generate their own electricity through renewable sources or increase their purchase of green energy from generating companies. Reportedly, DERC will make it compulsory for the companies to buy 100% electricity being generated from the waste- to- energy ( WTE) plants set up in the capital. 
Telangana prisons department, citing Norway' s example, has proposed to accommodate prisoners from overcrowded prisons in India at a rent of ? 10, 000 a month per prisoner. An official said that they are looking to accommodate convicts facing jail time for non- serious crimes. They are looking to start the scheme next year after making space for around 2, 000 renter- prisoners, the official added. 
Son of Samajwadi Party MLA Abu Azmi, Farhan Azmi, has lodged an FIR against the Hindu Sena on Wednesday, claiming that he and his family received death threats from them. They reportedly threatened Farhan that he will suffer for having married actress Ayesha Takia and said, " Have you forgotten you have indulged in Love Jihad by marrying a Hindu girl? " 
Union Minister Jitendra Singh on Wednesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of a new hostel in Jawaharlal Nehru University and announced that 75% seats in the hostel will be reserved for students from the northeast. The five- floor hostel, which has been pending for three years, will accommodate 400 students and is expected to be completed within twenty months. 
Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU) students must take an oath of protecting the shine of India' s pride and nationality, BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi said on Thursday while supporting the JNU Vice- Chancellor' s plan to install a battle tank inside the campus. She further stated that " anti- India" slogans had been raised inside the JNU campus and such activities cannot be allowed to continue. 
A 28- year- old Delhi man was allegedly stabbed four times by a group of youths after he got into an argument for brushing past their scooty earlier that day. The man was reportedly treated and later discharged. A case of attempt to murder has been registered and the police are looking for the accused. 
The Mumbai Police arrested four auto- rickshaw drivers for allegedly robbing several houses when they were empty. The accused are reportedly wanted in 12 other burglaries and were out on bail. " We had checked the CCTV footage from the areas where they had committed burglaries and could figure out their faces enough to make a sketch, " a police official said. 
The Mumbai Police has arrested a gang of five robbers accused of robbing 37 homes in Mumbai, Thane, and Gujarat. Police traced the robbers who stayed in Uttar Pradesh and arrested them in Meerut. The robbers would travel by car from Uttar Pradesh to Mumbai and stop on the way to break into houses. 
The Mumbai Police on Wednesday received a complaint about loud music being played at Reliance chief Mukesh Ambani' s residence Antilia. The complaint posted by a user tagging Mumbai Police' s Twitter handle read, " @ CPMumbaiPolice music blaring from antilla, ambani house, altamount road. gamdevi pol stn area. " The police reached the site but found no loud music being played there. 
The Mumbai Police on Monday arrested a 24- year old courier boy who allegedly stole 150 mobile phones worth over ? 13 lakh. The accused used to deliver mobile phones discarded by online websites like Amazon and Flipkart back to the wholesale shop. " The accused started stealing one or two phones at each delivery back to the wholesaler, " according to police. 
The Delhi government is reportedly planning a new system under which Registration Certificates ( RC) of cars will be directly delivered at home via speed post. Until now, car owners had to visit the Motor Licensing Office or the car dealer' s showroom to get it. This is aimed at eliminating corruption and making the process easier for vehicle owners, officials said. 
Maharashtra government has announced plans to undertake an audit of helipads across the state, weeks after Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis' s helicopter survived two near- accidents. Fadnavis said they plan to introduce a handbook on the standard operating procedure to provide security to VIPs. Fadnavis also said the state was in the process of acquiring helicopters on short- term leases. 
Four men were arrested by Bengaluru Cyber Crime Police for allegedly running an online scam where they lured bank customers to invest and withdrew their money using their account details. Police reportedly seized 460 SIM cards along with laptops which had information on 16, 000 bank accounts. The criminals reportedly stole small amounts of money to avoid suspicion. 
China has slammed Botswana over a visit by the Dalai Lama next month, warning Botswana not to " harm" China' s core interests. The Dalai Lama is expected to address a human rights conference in Botswana and meet its President next month. China opposes countries keeping contact with or hosting the Tibetan leader and warned countries against interfering in its internal affairs. 
A British teenage girl who allegedly married an Islamic State militant over Skype has been accused of plotting a terror attack in the UK, reports said. Indoctrinated by extremist ideology, the girl reportedly tried to get a gun and grenade. The teenager is accused of received instructions on how to use the weapons allegedly between December 2016 and April 2017. 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to close the Jerusalem office of Al Jazeera, accusing the news network of inciting violence amid protests against the country' s heightened security measures outside the al- Aqsa mosque. Netanyahu said he would " enact the required legislation to expel Al Jazeera from Israel" if law enforcement agencies failed to close it. 
Actor Akshay Kumar has revealed that before he got the role in ' Toilet- Ek Prem Katha' , the film was offered to many other actors who had rejected it. " Interestingly, this script was doing the rounds in the industry for over four years, " he added. Akshay further said he asked co- producer Neeraj Pandey with folded hands to give him the role. 
Reacting to an old picture of actress Priyanka Chopra in which she can be seen sporting a blonde wig, a user tweeted, " Seems # PriyankaChopra has caught the # GoTS7 fever too. " Another user wrote, " When Priyanka Chopra tries to idolise @ ladygaga. " Meanwhile, another user tweeted, " When jon snow dies in India, the red woman we need . . # PriyankaChopra # gots7. " nn
Singer Rimi Tomy has been questioned by the police in the Malayalam actress abduction case. Reports suggested that Rimi might have had some financial dealings with actor Dileep, who has been arrested in connection to the case. " It is painful to hear fake news. . . I have no problems with the actress who was assaulted, " Rimi was quoted as saying. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan, while speaking about working in films with love stories, jokingly said that he loves making love and not seeing it. He added that he prefers watching comedy films. The actor further said that he watches romantic films only because of his daughter Suhana, as she loves romantic movies. 
Indian women' s cricket team all- rounder Deepti Sharma has said that Ravichandran Ashwin is her role- model and she wants to bowl the " carrom- ball with Ashwin- like accuracy" . " I keep watching Ashwin' s videos and try to learn from his variations, " she added. Deepti Sharma picked up 12 wickets and scored 216 runs in the recently concluded Women' s World Cup. 
A baby boy, who survived after being buried alive just 10 days after his birth, was put in a grave in Madhya Pradesh by his minor mother who conceived him after rape. The infant was found on July 3 by a tribal couple and the suspected rapist, also a minor, was arrested after the girl was traced in Maharashtra. 
Singer Lata Mangeshkar has revealed that in early 1950s, playback singers were called ' ghost voices' because they were totally invisible to the public. She added, n" Even my name was not printed. . . it was the name of the character the heroine played that was printed on the record. " Lata further said that she never thought of her nvoice being bigger than the film. 
The Maharashtra government reiterated on Thursday that no rules were broken in releasing actor Sanjay Dutt in the 1993 blasts case. It said that although no norms were flouted in remitting Dutt' s sentence, the court could order him to be " sent back to jail" . However, the court said it had " no such intention" , and only needed affirmation in the case. 
Actor- filmmaker Dhanush, while discussing how he walked out of a television interview said, " It was silly of me, I am generally a calm person, but I did react in a way I should not have. " Dhanush explained that he did not want to answer the question posed by the journalist on the Suchi leaks controversy, regarding private pictures of celebrities being leaked. 
The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected a petition seeking a stay on the release of Madhur Bhandarkar' s directorial ' Indu Sarkar' . The court noted that the film is an artistic expression within the parameters of law. The petition was filed by Priya Singh Paul, who claimed to be the daughter of Sanjay Gandhi and was alleging that the movie is derogatory. 
Actress Angelina Jolie revealed that she developed Bell' s palsy last year, a type of facial paralysis resulting in facial nerve damage which caused one side of her face to droop. She added, " Sometimes women in families put themselves last. . . until it manifests. . . in their health. " Angelina further said she feels more of a woman after taking charge of her life and health. nn
The Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi has made it mandatory for MPhil and PhD students to fill their dissertation submission forms in both Hindi and English. Students who did not know Hindi complained as they could not submit their dissertation. The university said the step was taken so that there is no spelling error on the certificates given to students. 
The government told the Supreme Court that the Right to Life of millions of poor in the country is more important than the elite class' privacy concerns. It added that Aadhaar ensures that benefits of various schemes reach those who are entitled to it. Attorney General KK Venugopal also said that Aadhaar is " essential for saving people from animal existence" . 
A forest department report submitted to the High Court suggested that all the seven domesticated elephants of Delhi be shifted to a sanctuary outside the city. It observed that not only were the elephants kept in poor conditions, but it was also risky to house them in crowded localities. Most of the elephants do not have proper ownership certificates, report said. 
Actor Dhanush has said that he will be co- producing Hollywood films very soon and is already discussing a few scripts and collaborations. Dhanush added, " The world is shrinking and everyone is majorly interested in Indian films now. . . they are hiring Indian stars. " He further said that the Indian song- and- dance format is liked by many and is also being adapted in foreign films. 
A Delhi court on Wednesday awarded a school principal and its director a 2- month jail sentence for causing mental trauma to a 7- year- old girl by not allowing her to attend classes. The teachers were allegedly instructed to not let the girl enter the classroom owing to a tiff between her parents and the school management over increased school fees. 
RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav' s daughter, Chanda Yadav paid ? 5, 000 for a bungalow in Delhi' s New Friends Colony, an investigation by the Income Tax ( IT) Department revealed. The probe further revealed that the bungalow which is co- owned by her siblings Tejaswi and Ragini was acquired via a shell company and the source of company' s funding was found to be bogus. 
A signed and dated copy of theoretical physicist Albert Einstein' s famous photograph in which he is seen sticking his tongue out is set to be auctioned off. Photographer Arthur Sasse captured the photograph as Einstein departed in the back of car following his 72nd birthday celebrations in 1951. Notably, Einstein had requested for copies of the photograph. 
Actress Angelina Jolie, while explaining what led to her divorce with Brad Pitt, said, " Things became difficult. " Talking about her equation with Pitt now, she added, " We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal. " Jolie, who has six children with Pitt, filed for divorce in September last year. 
The Delhi High Court imposed a fine of ? 10, 000 on CM Arvind Kejriwal for not filing a response in the new ? 10- crore defamation suit filed against him by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Jaitley had filed a case after Kejriwal' s lawyer Ram Jethmalani called him a ' crook' in court, during the previous case' s hearing. 
RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav said on Thursday that he is considering to move the Supreme Court against Governor' s decision to invite JD( U) chief Nitish Kumar first to form government in Bihar. Lalu argued that since RJD was the single largest party in Bihar, it should have been invited to form the government. n
Airports Authority of India ( AAI) has hiked the penalty amount for individuals violating regulations at airports. Any person contravening the regulations would now face up to ? 5, 000 penalty, compared to the earlier quantum of ? 500. AAI Chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra said the penalties have been increased as the earlier quantum was not appropriate with the changing times. 
Indian batswoman Harmanpreet Kaur said that she developed her skill of ' six- hitting' while playing alongside men during the formative years of her career. Talking about her unbeaten 171- run knock in the ICC Women' s World Cup semifinal against Australia, Harmanpreet said, " I was happy that I played that knock when the team needed and the team won. " 
Food regulator FSSAI has banned the use of staple pins in tea bags from January next year citing serious health hazards. Use of staple pins in tea bags poses potential hazards since any loose pin consumed inadvertently can cause serious health problems, the order said. At present, types of tea bags available in the market are either stapled or knotted. 
The President is the first citizen as per the Order of Precedence of the Republic of India, making Ram Nath Kovind the topmost national. The Vice President and the Prime Minister are the second and the third citizens of the country respectively. While Governors are the fourth citizens of India, former Presidents and Deputy PM are fifth on the list. 
Mumbai Metro One on Wednesday announced plans to launch India' s first mobile ticketing system by mid- August for easy commute. Commuters will reportedly be able to buy tickets using the Mumbai Metro app, which will generate a QR code that can be used to get access through automated fare collection gates. However, tickets will continue to be sold over the counter. 
BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday took oath as the Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar, in a ceremony at Raj Bhavan. Meanwhile, Nitish Kumar was sworn- in as the state' s Chief Minister for the sixth time, after he claimed majority with the BJP as an ally. Nitish Kumar had broken the Congress- RJD- JD( U) alliance and resigned from the CM post yesterday. 
DIG Roopa, who submitted a report alleging VK Sasikala being given VIP treatment in jail, has been issued a notice asking her to publish an apology in leading newspapers. The notice has been served by transferred Karnataka DGP HN Satyanarayana Rao, who was blamed in the report for taking bribe to give Sasikala special treatment in jail. 
A man working as a manager in a Bengaluru Cafe Coffee Day ( CCD) committed suicide by hanging himself, and blamed the cafe chain in his suicide note. He wrote that he had been promised promotion since 11 years but did not get one. He also added that employees' salaries were withheld if the targets were not met. 
A 32- year- old Delhi woman strangulated her husband and reportedly slept next to his dead body in her one- room house for two nights. The man used to reportedly thrash his wife after consuming alcohol heavily. The woman bought alcohol and made her husband drink during the weekend calling it a treat from her side and murdered him when he passed out. 
According to an RTI reply, Prime Minister' s Office has paid around ? 89 lakh to Indian Air Force for flying Narendra Modi on 128 " non- official" domestic trips since he took office. The rates for these flights were last revised 1999, which makes them cheaper to travel in than the commercial flights. The trips were majorly taken by PM to election- bound states. 
A Ukrainian national was arrested for allegedly entering the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi using a fake ticket on Tuesday. The accused, S Podbolotnyy, has claimed he entered the airport terminal on a cancelled ticket to see off his female friend. He has been handed over to the police. 
An 11- year- old tribal boy allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday by hanging himself near his school, after he was caught stealing ? 30 from his classmate in Maharashtra' s Mokhada. The boy was reportedly ashamed of his act and had tried to force a classmate to commit suicide with him, but he refused. Police said the boy has a history of criminal activities. 
Mumbai police have registered an FIR against an unidentified Mumbai man for allegedly uploading photos of a woman' s face morphed onto a nude body to a fake Facebook profile. After the profile was blocked, the man reportedly created another and uploaded the same pictures again. The man had allegedly threatened to take revenge when the woman rejected his advances earlier. 
An Asian- origin teacher is suing United Airlines for being forced to hold her two- year- old son on her lap during a three- and- a- half- hour flight after paying nearly $ 1, 000 ( ? 65, 000) for his seat. United gave the seat to a standby passenger, and reportedly did not apologise until five days later. The airline requires children aged over two to have their own seats. 
Singers of the hit song Despacito have slammed Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro after his government used a remixed version of the song to encourage Venezuelans to vote for setting up a body to rewrite the Constitution. The singers said they were neither asked nor did they authorise the use or the change in lyrics of the song for political ambitions. 
The three Delhi Municipal Corporations have collected fines amounting to ? 6. 17 crore from nearly 6, 400 violators for causing air pollution in the past year, according to government data. Earlier, the National Green Tribunal had directed the agencies to collect a ? 5, 000 fine for burning waste in the open and ? 5 lakh fine for violating dust control measures at construction sites. 
Mumbai motorists reportedly paid ? 10. 4 crore as fines for traffic violations this year, out of which ? 2 crore was paid for parking violations. The penalty for parking- related offences was increased from ? 100 to ? 200 last year. Until May, nearly 60, 000 motorists booked for jumping signals paid over ? 1 crore as fine, while bikers caught without helmets were fined ? 85 lakh. 
The Bombay High Court on Monday directed the police to ensure that no minors are " harmed, injured, or permitted to carry or use weapons or sharp objects, " during this year' s Muharram procession. Shia Muslims participating in Muharram processions hit themselves with sharp objects to mourn the death of Imam Hussain, the grandson of Prophet Muhammad. 
US President Donald Trump used his speech to the 19th National Boy Scouts Jamboree in West Virginia to attack " fake media" for allegedly misquoting crowd size at his events. Trump also urged his audience of 12 to 18- year- olds to boo his presidential rival Hillary Clinton and predecessor Barack Obama. Trump was slammed for using the traditional address for political endorsements. 
Israel has removed metal detectors from the entrance of Jerusalem' s al- Aqsa mosque following days of violent protests over the installation. The move is aimed at ending the crisis which claimed seven lives, Israeli officials said. The Palestinians reportedly see the installation of metal detectors as an Israeli attempt to assert control over the holy site. 
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA) officials claimed that they fixed 685 potholes in Mumbai so far this month. The MMRDA said that it filled 423 potholes on the 26. 5- km Western Express Highway and 212 potholes on the 23. 5- km Eastern Express Highway. However, residents complained about the use of the outdated technology and faulty methods to fix the potholes. 
The Noida authority has reportedly decided to conduct population density surveys in residential and industrial areas in order to gauge whether it can approve new projects without burdening existing infrastructure. A committee reportedly comprising of officials from the authority' s planning, housing, and traffic departments will conduct the surveys and submit its report within a month. 
Residents of Gurugram' s Fresco Apartments spent ? 1. 5 lakh of their money to fix potholes on the road leading to the residential complex after the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram allegedly refused to fix them. The apartments' resident welfare society reportedly conducted a survey where 70% of the residents opted for voluntarily contributing ? 1, 000 to fix the road. 
The Culture Ministry has allocated ? 4. 22 crore for the restoration and revival of Delhi' s Walled City Museum. The museum, which was inaugurated in 2004, has been locked for almost a decade due to negligence. The project, initiated by Union Sports Minister Vijay Goel, aims to develop the museum as a " one- stop destination" for studying the culture of the Walled City. 
Farmer leaders of Jewar have said they will start campaigning to convince other farmers to not give their land for the proposed Noida International Airport. Demanding a higher price for their land, the farmers have threatened protests against the government. Reportedly, authorities have been directly purchasing land from farmers, instead of acquiring it through the Land Acquisition Act. 
Jharkhand Police on Monday arrested a 25- year- old man for allegedly abusing Prime Minister Narendra Modi and cows in a WhatsApp video. " The content in the video was explicitly provocative. Any person found spreading communally sensitive content in social media will not be spared, " police officials said. Eleven such people have been jailed in Hazaribag district alone this year, they added. 
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has criticised the BJP- led Centre for not taking action against Karnataka government' s " offensive" demand for a separate flag. He said it was part of BJP' s plan to win the upcoming Karnataka assembly elections. The state government should also be slapped with sedition charges over the demand, he added. 
Top Communist Party of China politician Sun Zhengcai, who was considered a potential successor to President Xi Jinping, is reportedly being investigated for corruption by his party. The probe against Zhengcai, who was recently ejected from his role as Party' s Secretary for Chongqing city, eliminates him from the contest to become China' s next President. 
Tweets by US President Donald Trump show that he is a creative and competitive person who has neurotic tendencies, a study has found. Trump is a distinct type of person who shows strong features of typical successful entrepreneurs, the study added. He has tweeted 35, 000 times since joining the platform in 2009 and is the second- most followed politician on Twitter. 
Dozens of teen pregnancy prevention programs deemed ineffective by US President Donald Trump' s administration will lose over $ 200 million in funding following a surprise decision to end five- year grants after only three years. US government officials said only four of 37 programs studied showed lasting positive impacts. Critics urged the government " not to turn back the clock" on progress. 
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has threatened to bomb tribal schools, accusing them of teaching students to rebel against the government. Duterte condemned insurgents for destroying infrastructure and alleged that the schools were operated by the rebels without government permits. Human rights groups demanded that Duterte retract the threat and warned such an attack would be a war crime. 
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for ' centralising power' and taking away the independence of the states. " Do we have true democracy in the country if all affairs are going to be run according to the wishes of the Prime Minister? " Thackeray questioned in an interview to the party' s mouthpiece Saamana. 
The Enforcement Directorate ( ED) has reportedly decided to seize a Delhi farmhouse owned by Lalu Prasad' s daughter Misa Bharti. This comes after the ED raided three Delhi farmhouses owned by Bharti, over a money laundering case against a firm linked to her and her husband Shailesh Kumar. The ED was reportedly not convinced with their responses during earlier investigations. 
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Monday suspended six Congress MPs for five days over their " highly unbecoming" conduct. The Congress MPs reportedly tore official papers and threw the shreds towards the chair four times during a parliamentary discussion on mob lynching and cow vigilantism. The House was adjourned and the MPs were declared suspended after the adjournment. 
The Public Works Department ( PWD) has approved the construction of a flyover costing ? 50 crore near Ghaziabad' s Raj Nagar Extension. The flyover, proposed by the Ghaziabad Development Authority ( GDA) , is aimed at decongesting the city roads. The construction of this 538- metre- long split- type flyover will begin after its modified design report is vetted by IIT Roorkee. 
Yuva Sena chief Aaditya Thackeray has demanded the resignation of Maharashtra Education Minister Vinod Tawde and Mumbai University Vice- Chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh over the delay in declaration of MU results. He also called for a government inquiry into why the online assessment system was adopted by MU and asked if it was a scam as it failed badly. 
China plans to build its first Mars simulation base on the country' s Tibetan plateau as it aims to send the first mission to the red planet by 2020 after the US, India and Russia. The project will reportedly incorporate education, tourism, scientific research and simulation training. The base might also include a set for shooting films and TV shows. 
Former Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi has said that JD( U) leader Nitish Kumar has finally taken a stand, and should now support BJP. This comes after Nitish Kumar resigned as Bihar Chief Minister citing a crisis in the ruling Congress- RJD- JD( U) alliance, and PM Narendra Modi congratulated Kumar for joining the " fight against corruption" . 
A study has revealed that the UK and Netherlands act as channels of corporate offshore investments from tax havens, with both countries accounting for almost 40% of such investments. Out of the 24 offshore financial centres identified, 18 had links to the UK. Every year multinationals in the EU avoid paying £ 38- 158 billion in taxes using tax havens. 
China has opposed the new US sanctions against North Korea, saying that such sanctions were not conducive to mutual trust and cooperation between China and the US. " China is always opposed to. . . sanctions outside the framework of the UNSC, " officials said. Notably, the new sanctions would affect entities trading with North Korea. 
A group of international volunteers fighting with Kurdish forces against the Islamic State in northern Syria have formed the first LGBT military unit to battle the terror group. The formation of The Queer Insurrection and Liberation Army ( TQILA) was announced on Monday. Notably, members of the LGBT community suffered stonings and executions at the hands of the militant group. 
Maharashtra' s private law colleges have reportedly been allowed to revise their fees for the first time in nine years after they were brought under the control of the Fee Regulating Authority ( FRA) . While the colleges have welcomed the revision of fees, students reportedly demanded that the colleges need to upgrade themselves before charging extra fees. 
A war memorial built to honour soldiers killed during the 1962 Indo- China War was reportedly vandalised on Tuesday in Gurugram' s Palam Vihar. Officials managing the memorial said several stone benches and floodlights were broken. The memorial was built in 2012 in memory of the 114 soldiers who were killed during the battle at Rezang La Pass in 1962. 
The Mumbai Police on Monday arrested a 28- year- old drug- addict for stealing 200 trophies from a sports shop in Kalbadevi. The accused said he sneaked into the shop to steal money but stole trophies instead " as there was not any money" , according to police officials. He was arrested the day after the robbery before he could sell the trophies, police added. 
A Mumbai woman was duped by a cyber criminal posing as ' bank official' on the pretext of updating account data after the introduction of GST, according to police. " The fraudster asked the woman for her credit card details, saying the data update would benefit the bank' s customers, " police said. He withdrew ? 49, 999 from her account after she gave the information. 
The National Investigation Agency has arrested Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani' s son- in- law Altaf Shah and six other Kashmiri separatists in a probe linked to terrorist funding. The agency is probing if funds from Pakistan were used to fuel the unrest triggered by terrorist Burhan Wani' s death last year that left 100 people dead in the Kashmir Valley. 
Serbian tennis player Novak Djokovic has announced he will miss the remaining 2017 season, including the US Open, following an elbow injury. The world number four had retired from his Wimbledon quarter- final, admitting he had been feeling pain in his elbow for 18 months. His absence from the US Open ends a run of 51 consecutive appearances at Grand Slams. 
A panchayat in Pakistan' s Punjab province has asked a man to rape a 16- year- old girl in front of her family as punishment after her brother was accused of raping the man' s sister, police said on Wednesday. The same act should be repeated with the accused' s sister as justice, the village council claimed. Police arrested the head of the panchayat. 
Hollywood studio Warner Bros. has announced December 13, 2019 as the release date for the sequel to the 2017 film ' Wonder Woman' . It has been reported that Gal Gadot will return as the titular character while the return of Patty Jenkins as the director has not been confirmed yet. Notably, ' Wonder Woman' became the highest- grossing film by a female director. 
Actress Kajol, on being asked if she is open to working with Karan Johar, hinted that she may not work with him in future. " If any of my other friends want to offer me a film I will definitely do it, " she added. Kajol further said, " You cannot work alongside [ people] if you do not talk" . 
The Ministry of Railways has cancelled a caterer' s contract after a passenger found dead lizard in vegetable biryani served on Howrah- New Delhi Poorva Express. The passenger had ordered and eaten the dish without noticing the lizard but felt unwell later, a co- passenger tweeted. The incident follows CAG' s report stating food on trains is " unfit for human consumption" . 
The Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI) spent ? 9, 055 crore over the last eight years towards issuing Aadhaar numbers. This includes an expenditure of nearly ? 3, 820 crore towards enrolment and ? 1, 171 crore towards logistics like printing and dispatching of Aadhaar letters. Notably, a total of about 116. 09 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated up to July 21, 2017. 
Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) President Amit Shah, and Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani will contest the Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat, the party announced on Wednesday. Shah is currently an MLA in Gujarat, while Smriti Irani has been re- nominated to the Rajya Sabha. This is reportedly aimed at strengthening BJP' s presence in the Rajya Sabha. 
Film editor- writer Apurva Asrani, known for his work in films like ' Aligarh' and ' Shahid' , has penned a poem on the mob culture in India, where he wrote about " web- warriors" and " 140 character zombies" . His poem begins with the lines, " We are the mob and the mob is us. Left- wing, right- wing or in the centre, what difference does it make? " 
Actor Ram Kapoor has said that the career choices Sunny Leone has made in her life have no bearing on the kind of parent she will be. Sunny and her husband Daniel Weber recently adopted a baby girl named Nisha. Ram added, " Whatever her past is, she has done that in a country where it is allowed and legal. " 
Filmmaker Vipul Shah has said that the upcoming Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra starrer ' Namastey Canada' is not a sequel to his 2007 directorial ' Namastey London' and instead has a totally fresh script. Talking about the film, Parineeti said, " It is desi with a videsi heart. . . Arjun and I. . . will be playing to our Punjabi strengths but speak to the global audience. " 
India' s 399/ 3 against Sri Lanka on the first day of the Galle Test is the team' s second- highest score on day one, and the highest first day score by India overseas. Shikhar Dhawan and Cheteshwar Pujara scored centuries, marking the third instance of two Indians scoring centuries on day one. India' s total also surpassed the highest first day total in SL. 
Rapper Kendrick Lamar received eight nominations for his music video ' Humble' at the MTV Video Music Award this year. He was followed by The Weeknd and Katy Perry, who received five nominations each. Notably, MTV has eliminated gendered categories for the Video Music Awards, similar to that of its Movie Awards which were held earlier this year. 
A US man, who claimed to be an ex- employee of fast- food chain McDonald' s, took to Twitter to share some photos of a slimy substance that he said was found inside the restaurant' s ice cream machine. He later claimed to have lost his job because of his revelations and admitted that he was planning to leave the job anyway. 
Nawazuddin Siddiqui' s first look from the upcoming short film ' Carbon' has been released. The film also stars Jackky Bhagnani and Prachi Desai and focuses on environmental issues like global warming and climate change. Written and directed by Maitrey Bajpai, the film will feature Nawazuddin in the role of a man from the planet Mars. 
Attorney General KK Venugopal on behalf of the Centre said in the Supreme Court, " Privacy is part of Right to Life, but does not enjoy the status of a fundamental right. " He added, " Since right to privacy consists of diverse aspects and it is a sub- specie of liberty, every aspect of the sub- species will not qualify as a fundamental right. " 
As many as 24 kanwarias, 6 ITBP and Police personnel were recently injured in stone pelting by a mob during the ' Kanwar Yatra' in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh. It is alleged that the attack happened after the yatris played loud music while passing through a Muslim- dominated locality. The police had to resort to a lathi charge to disperse the crowd. 
RJD Chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Wednesday said that Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has not asked for his son Tejashwi Yadav' s resignation after the CBI raided him over corruption allegations. " We will not tolerate any disrespect towards him ( Nitish Kumar) . We have formed the grand alliance, made Nitish CM. Why will we break the alliance, " Lalu said. 
Mumbai Traffic Police have temporarily banned heavy vehicles on the Bandra- Dahisar stretch of the Western Express Highway between 5 PM and 9 PM due to " unprecedented rush" . State- run buses, school buses, and vehicles used for office drops will reportedly be exempt from the ban. Authorities said that the northbound vehicles will be diverted to the Eastern Express Highway via Sion. 
' Titanic' actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are auctioning off a dinner with the two of them at the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation' s fourth annual gala on Wednesday for charity. The dinner is among other auction items available for bidders at the event which will take place in France. The non- profit organisation raised ? 289 crore during its charity auction last year. 
A member of Sikh community' s Damdami Taksal seminary has filed a writ petition in the Bombay High Court against Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale being called a ' terrorist' in Maharashtra State Board' s Class 9 textbooks. The petition demanded that the ' objectionable part' be removed immediately. Notably, Bhindranwale was a militant preacher, killed in a military operation at Golden Temple in 1984. 
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited flood- hit Gujarat and announced ? 500 crore as relief for the state, many in Assam took to social media to accuse the Centre of neglecting the northeastern state. " Over 70 died in Assam flood. Modi sends junior minister ( Kiren) Rijiju. Flood in Gujarat, Modi flies himself. Why two separate standards? " a journalist from Assam posted. 
The Kargil War was fought between India and Pakistan between May and July 1999, in Jammu & Kashmir' s Kargil district. The Pakistani side crossed the LoC at Army Chief General Pervez Musharraf' s command, and mutilated bodies of six Indian soldiers were returned to India. India launched the Operation Vijay and reclaimed all posts, terming it a success on July 26. 
Filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar has said he is sad that nobody from the film fraternity came to support him in the ' Indu Sarkar' row. Madhur added, " I, as a filmmaker, always stood with the film fraternity. . . whether it was regarding ' Udta Punjab' or ' Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' or any other film. " He further said that he is angry to see " such selective activism" . 
In a recent order, the Bombay Court held that a working woman who is " capable of maintaining and sustaining herself" should not be entitled to get maintenance from her estranged husband. The court observed this during the hearing of a plea filed by a TV actress who had challenged a family court' s order, which too had denied her maintenance. 
Actress Celina Jaitly said that Kargil Vijay Diwas is a day to celebrate nameless heroes like her father late Colonel Vikram Kumar Jaitly. Celina called her father one of the strongest officers of the Indian Army. She added, " Every Indian must be proud of the exemplary courage. . . displayed by the Indian soldiers in Kargil War. Their sacrifice should never be forgotten. " 
A four- year- old girl died on Monday, two days after sustaining burns on her face when she fell into a pan containing hot tea in Delhi' s Old Seelampur. Reportedly, her elder sister had prepared tea and kept it under the bed waiting for other family members to arrive when the girl fell off the bed and landed head- first into the pan. 
A doctor named Praveen Yadav, who was accused in Madhya Pradesh' s Vyapam scam, allegedly committed suicide at his residence on Wednesday. Yadav had cleared his Pre- Medical Test ( PMT) in 2012 and was running an oil mill. As per reports, more than 40 people associated with the scam have died since reports related to the scam came to light in 2013. 
HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar informed Rajya Sabha that government has no plans to remove Rabindranath Tagore from school textbooks. Javadekar was responding to a query raised by Opposition regarding RSS- affiliated organisation' s recommendations of removing thoughts of Tagore from textbooks for all classes. The MP who raised the issue also gave Javadekar three books on Tagore for his reading. 
The Kannada Development Authority has directed the Bengaluru metro officials to remove all Hindi signs without waiting for the state government' s instructions. The authority also said that even the announcements cannot be made in Hindi. This follows protests from pro- Kannada activists against the Centre' s tri- language policy, calling it as forceful imposition of Hindi on non- Hindi speaking states. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday announced a ? 500 crore relief package for flood- hit Gujarat after he conducted an aerial survey in the state. He also announced compensations of ? 2 lakh to kins of the 83 deceased and ? 50, 000 for injured. Modi assured all possible help and assistance from the Centre to normalise the adverse situation. 
Leader of the Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad said that it is very sad and unfortunate that President Ram Nath Kovind did not mention Jawaharlal Nehru' s name in his maiden speech. " Though he did mention his cabinet colleagues BR Ambedkar and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in his speech after assuming the country' s top post, " Azad added. 
The Vatican has turned off 100 fountains for the first time in years due to a prolonged drought affecting the city state and surrounding Italian city Rome. The Vatican said this was its " way of living in solidarity with Rome. " Rome, which has also closed drinking fountains, is considering water rationing for as many as eight hours a day. 
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) had stopped printing the ? 2, 000 currency notes about five months ago and has started printing the smaller denomination ? 200 notes, people familiar with the matter said. They also added that around a billion new ? 200 notes are expected to be in circulation next month and, no more ? 2, 000 notes will be printed this fiscal. 
British swimmer Adam Peaty broke the 50- metre breaststroke world record twice in a day, in the World Aquatics Championships semi- final in Budapest on Tuesday. The 22- year- old defending champion won the semi- final in 25. 95 seconds, eclipsing his 26. 10 seconds world record set in the heats. Peaty has now broken the 50- metre breaststroke record four times, the first instance being in 2014. 
Workers of Vivo phone factory on Tuesday protested and damaged the company premises in Greater Noida, alleging that the Chinese firm had sacked over 60 employees without giving prior notice. They claimed that Vivo, the title sponsor of IPL T20, hired many workers during the IPL season but fired over 1, 000 employees after the matches ended nearly two months ago. 
Air India plans to serve a variety of wines, mocktails, and regional cuisines to its business and first class passengers on international flights, starting October. The airline also plans to offer passengers the food of their choice, and impart refresher training to chefs across 28 countries who have " lost their Indian touch. " It will introduce new cutlery for premium passengers. 
Russian pranksters fooled US Energy Secretary Rick Perry into believing he was discussing American coal exports and pig manure with Ukrainian PM Volodymyr Groysman. The pranksters convinced Perry that Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had invented a new biofuel made using pig manure and home- brewed alcohol. Perry called the idea " interesting, " saying he looked forward to meeting Poroshenko. 
Reacting to Hollywood actor Nicolas Cage wearing traditional Kazakhstani outfit at the 13th annual Eurasia International Festival, a user tweeted, " Maybe it is just a wax mannequin posing as the real" . " In even other news Nicholas Cage has no idea where he is, how he got there, or why he is wearing that, " wrote another user. 
Sania Mirza has called Indian women' s team captain Mithali Raj an " incredible ambassador for the game of cricket" . " Mithali has been performing amazingly for many years. . . I really hope this appreciation that all the girls are getting continues because they deserve it, " said Sania. Mithali became the first Indian captain to lead the team in two ODI World Cup finals. 
A group of BJP MPs raised slogans of ' Jai Shri Ram' and ' Bharat Mata Ki Jai' after President Ram Nath Kovind was sworn- in at the Parliament' s Central Hall on Tuesday. Many officials also thumped their desks after the 71- year- old took the oath as the 14th President of India. Kovind was given a 21- gun salute to mark the assumption of office. 
Railway Ministry is planning to introduce an integrated ticketing system in the next three years, which will be first introduced in Mumbai on pilot basis. The system will provide all- in- one tickets for all public transportation in the city including BEST buses, local trains, Metros, black- and- yellow taxis and autorickshaws. The MMRDA will reportedly float a tender for the system in October. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday reprimanded BJP MPs for low attendance in the Parliament. He said that Bills are getting stuck because of the quorum not being complete in either House. PM Modi pointed out that especially on Fridays there is a no show from many members post lunch and such conduct is not acceptable. 
The US House of Representatives on Tuesday voted 419- 3 to approve new sanctions on Russia for its interference in the 2016 presidential elections, despite President Donald Trump objecting to the legislation. The bill would also levy new sanctions against North Korea and Iran over the nations' ballistic missile programs. White House officials said they are reviewing the bill. 
Newly- appointed President Ram Nath Kovind is the first from Uttar Pradesh to hold the country' s highest post. Some of the previous Presidents with singular records are Dr Rajendra Prasad, who is the only President to be elected thrice. Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is the only President to be elected unopposed, while APJ Abdul Kalam was the only bachelor in all Presidents. 
Shiv Sena leader Sunil Shitap was booked for culpable homicide over the collapse of a four- storey building in which 12 people were killed in Mumbai' s Ghatkopar on Tuesday. Shitap, who owned the building' s ground floor, reportedly carried out illegal renovations that weakened the building. Interestingly, the building was not on the Mumbai civic body' s list of 791 unsafe buildings this year. 
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has clarified that no more permissions for casinos, both on land and off- shore, will be granted in the state. The number of off- shore casinos in Mandovi river would be capped to existing five vessels, which will be shifted to land in the next three years, Parrikar added. 
Former President Pranab Mukherjee made a personal Twitter account by the handle ' @ CitiznMukherjee' . He earlier used to tweet from the ' @ rashtrapatibhvn' account, which now represents President Ram Nath Kovind. Further, all tweets made by Mukherjee as President have been archived at ' @ POI13' . Interestingly, it was Mukherjee who had started the Indian President' s official Twitter handle. 
Terrorist group Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin has claimed in media that his outfit can attack any part of India, Minister of State for Home Affairs Hansraj Ahir said in the Lok Sabha on Tuesday. The militant group has been getting logistic support, including arms and ammunition, from Pakistan, the minister added. 
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said that the state is planning to provide financial assistance to farmers to help them take care of their old cows. " The economical viability of maintaining a cow lasts till it gives milk. Once the cow becomes old, it is uneconomical and unaffordable for the farmers, " Parrikar added. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday took to Twitter to honour and pay tribute to the martyrs of Kargil war on the occasion of 18th Kargil Vijay Diwas. " Kargil Vijay Diwas reminds us of India' s military prowess & the great sacrifices our armed forces make while steadfastly keeping India safe, " PM Modi said in one of the tweets. 
The ruling AIADMK party in Tamil Nadu on Monday said it would take legal action against Karnataka ex- DIG D Roopa if she did not withdraw her bribery charges against party chief VK Sasikala. The police officer had alleged that Sasikala was given special treatment and amenities in prison against rules. Notably, Sasikala was jailed in a disproportionate assets case. 
Ex- Australian pacer Glenn McGrath, while talking about Sachin Tendulkar' s son Arjun who is a left- arm pacer, said he will be a winner if he has the love and passion for cricket like his father. " When you have a name like Tendulkar, those are pretty big shoes to fill, " added McGrath. The 17- year- old was bowling in nets to India Women players. 
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) has denied a Ganesh mandal coordination committee' s demand to take the approval process for setting up mandals online. The committee claimed that the single- window clearance system which was introduced in 2015 to improve mandal approval rate was ineffective. Reportedly, it will now meet Mayor Vishwanath Mahadeshwar to demand a better clearance system. 
The Border Roads Organisation ( BRO) will reportedly construct two tunnels through Arunachal Pradesh' s Sela Pass to cut down the distance to the China border through Tawang by 10 km. The tunnels would reduce travel time by at least an hour and ensure that NH13 and the 171- km stretch between Bomdila and Tawang remain accessible in all weather conditions. 
Mumbai residents have been protesting outside the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation' s ( BMC) Bandra office every Monday and Friday since July 7 over 192 complaints that have not been resolved in 18 months. The complaints were filed in BMC' s public grievance registration system set up in 2015. The complaints include illegal encroachments, drainage issues, potholes, and tree cutting among others. 
The doctors in Telangana' s biggest government- run Gandhi Hospital in Hyderabad chanted the Mahamrityunjaya mantra to bring down the rising number of deaths of newborns in the hospital. Patients complained of the unavailability of doctors as the pooja, which was reportedly approved by the senior doctors, went on for hours. A probe has been ordered in the case. 
A Polish man was killed after a teenage boy hit him with a " superman punch" that caused him to fall and hit his head on the ground, a court has heard. The accused reportedly punched the deceased for mocking his English accent. The victim was knocked unconscious and later died in hospital from head injuries. 
State- owned broadcaster Doordarshan is planning to change its iconic logo and has issued an invitation asking for entries from the public for logo designs. Doordarshan will take new logo design entries till August 13, 2017 and the winner will be awarded a cash prize of ? 1 lakh. It has been sporting the current logo since 1959. 
Akshay Kumar has suggested having a mixed cricket team similar to mixed doubles in tennis. " [ W] hy cannot there be a men and women cricket match against another country? If this kind of a set- up happens, it will be the biggest set- up ever, " he added. Akshay further said the idea struck him when he was watching a Wimbledon match on his phone. 
Actor Mithun Chakraborty said that the only advice he has for youngsters is that they should concentrate more on talent as compared to- six pack abs. He added, " If you have talent. . . . you have the capability to crack it in the film industry. " Mithun further said that if one is not persistent with their efforts and talent, they cannot do anything. 
Actor Ayushmann Khurrana has tweeted, " Please do not change the Doordarshan logo. It represents my childhood. " His statement comes after recent reports of Doordarshan planning on changing its logo to create something youthful, which will appeal to " children of liberalization" . Doordarshan has been sporting the current logo since its inception in 1959. 
A US court has ruled that President Donald Trump' s commission on election fraud can resume collecting voter information from all states. The commission had asked states to provide publicly available data including registered voters' names, birth dates, and social security numbers. However, an advocacy group filed a lawsuit against the commission citing privacy concerns. 
A new book detailing Nelson Mandela' s last days has been withdrawn after it was condemned by his widow, the publisher Penguin Random House has announced, saying that it was in no way intended to be disrespectful. The book revealed several undignified episodes at the end of Mandela' s life as well as family quarrels over his care and legacy. 
The official James Bond Twitter handle has announced November 8, 2019 as the release date for the new film in the franchise titled ' Bond 25' . The film will be written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, and produced by Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli. Daniel Craig will reportedly return as the character James Bond in this film. 
President Ram Nath Kovind on Tuesday said in a speech that " nation building requires national pride" , adding " each citizen of India is a nation builder" . He talked about the various professionals of India, and how they act as nation builders. He also said that India has believed in the philosophy of " Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam - the World is My Family" . 
Amrapali' s CEO Ritik Kumar Sinha and director Nishant Mukul were arrested over alleged fraud and not paying labour cess of ? 4. 29 crore to Labour Department. Amrapali received a final recovery notice in March 2017 but when it failed to pay, police took action. The district administration said labour cess is charged for labour' s welfare, which the group did not pay. 
Former CEO of Infosys Kris Gopalakrishnan has said that Indian IT companies need to learn to manage expectations of their employees as the growth rate slows down. He said that as technology is transitioning, companies must invest in retraining employees and employees must invest time in learning. He also said that automation has impacted services like infrastructure management and maintenance. 
Human Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar on Monday announced that they will soon give approval for the 20 world- class research and teaching institutions that will be called ' Indian institutes of eminence' . Adding that the approval will be given during the Parliament' s Monsoon Session, he said, " They will be acclaimed and ranked among the top 200 universities in the world" . 
German carmaker BMW has rejected reports that it cheated emissions tests through illegal systems in its cars. The company also denied reports of plotting with Audi, Volkswagen, and Porsche on designs of diesel emissions treatment systems. Vehicle emissions came under scrutiny worldwide since Volkswagen admitted in 2015 to installing illegal software to cheat US emissions tests on diesel cars. 
India will host its first WTA tournament in five years when the city of Mumbai stages the ? 80 lakh ( $ 125, 000) Mumbai Open in November. Maharashtra State Lawn Tennis Association had recently bagged the hosting rights of Chennai Open which is India' s only ATP World Tour event, and re- branded it as " Maharashtra Open" , to be held in Pune. 
A picture gallery shows former President Pranab Mukherjee' s journey from being the Minister of State for Revenue and Banking to completing his term as India' s President. The gallery also includes a picture of him with former PM Indira Gandhi, during whose tenure he served as the Finance Minister. The last image shows him gesturing after his farewell speech as President. 
A Delhi man murdered his 22- year- old pregnant wife on Saturday as she could not make perfectly round rotis. The couple had reportedly got into a fight during which he kicked her in the stomach and later strangled her to death. " My mother was a good cook but the chapati shape angered my father, " the couple' s four- year- old daughter told the police. 
A German man swims 2 km to work every day to avoid traffic, packing his laptop and suit into a waterproof bag. Benjamin David, who swims along the Isar river in Munich, said his commute is faster than driving in traffic. He added, " the traffic on the road next to the Isar is so wild that it is no fun. " 
Actor Randeep Hooda visited the Kargil War Memorial in Dras ahead of Kargil Vijay Diwas, which is observed on July 26. " I felt belittled even as my chest was feeling full of pride and sorrow. We lost 559 citizens of our country in that war, " wrote Randeep on Instagram. His visit was part of an event organised by an NGO. 
Actor Sunny Deol has denied reports of Yash Raj Films launching his son Karan Deol and added, " Only we were supposed to launch him. " Karan' s debut film, reportedly titled ' Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas' , will be directed and produced by Sunny. Reports suggested that Sunny had objected to Yash Raj Films' three- film deal which Karan was supposed to sign. n
India' s women' s team wicketkeeper Sushma Verma has been offered the post of Deputy Superintendent of Police by the Himachal Pradesh government. CM Virbhadra Singh made the announcement on Tuesday, saying the state was " proud of her achievement in the international cricket arena" . Sushma, who hails from Shimla, had 15 dismissals, the most by a keeper in this women' s World Cup. 
The buggy which Indian Presidents ride for the oath- taking ceremony originally belonged to the Viceroy of India during the British era. After the partition of India and Pakistan, both sides tossed a coin to decide who would get the buggy, and India won the toss. However, its use declined after 1984, and was started again by former President Pranab Mukherjee. 
Mumbai' s Rizvi Education Society has reportedly digitised seven schools and colleges in its first phase of digital transformation. It has introduced paperless admissions and biometric entry for students among others. Authorities said the parents are " happy" as they can check their child' s attendance on an app. It reportedly plans to start online checking of exam papers in the second phase. 
The local police in Khar, Mumbai has arrested a 35- year- old man who allegedly robbed actress Karisma Kapoor' s residence. As per an official, during the interrogation, the police learnt that the man had managed to enter the house of the actress and steal a purse belonging to her maid. The accused also reportedly confessed to robbing 17 other houses. 
Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi has slammed singer- actor Suchitra Krishnamoorthi for her tweet wherein she described the morning Azaan played on loudspeakers as " extreme imposed religiosity" . He said, " Those who. . . drink at 2 am in parties in hotels, and sit with their arms on shoulders of strange men and talk, who have spoilt Indian culture have suddenly started criticising [ Azaan] . " 
Drug peddlers are coating biscuits and nut crackers with Lysergic acid diethylamide ( LSD) drug to avoid being caught at airports, Task Force officials said. " These biscuits were detected and seized only because the peddlers were carrying another drug, which was detected in the scanning machine, " an officer said. This was revealed after Task Force arrested nine people carrying LSD- laced biscuits. 
Four labourers on Monday were reportedly injured after a tree branch fell on them at Dombivli station road in Mumbai. They were admitted to hospital with injuries and were later declared out of danger. Reportedly, tree fall cases are on rise in Kalyan- Dombivli. " Last year fewer cases were reported. We have been getting complaints of tree falls daily, " authorities said. 
UK' s National Health Service ( NHS) has announced plans to stop doctors from prescribing homeopathic remedies. Aiming to save around £ 200 million a year, the NHS chief described homeopathy as ? at best a placebo and a misuse of funds? . The plans also list 17 other items that will no longer be prescribed for reasons ranging from low clinical to low cost- effectiveness. 
Saudi Arabia, UAE, Bahrain and Egypt on Tuesday blacklisted nine charity groups and nine individuals with ties to Yemen, Qatar and Libya, labelling them " terrorist" over suspected ties to Islamist extremism. This comes amid the ongoing Qatar crisis in which the Arab states suspended diplomatic ties with Qatar last month, accusing it of supporting terrorism. n
The Maldivian Opposition has alleged that it was blocked from entering the Parliament on Monday to take part in an impeachment vote against the Speaker Abdulla Maseeh Mohamed, after the military locked it down on the orders of President Yameen Abdul Gayoom. The Opposition is trying to oust the Speaker for blocking requests to summon government officials accused of corruption. n
Ram Nath Kovind was sworn- in as India' s 14th President on Tuesday at the oath- taking ceremony held at the Central Hall of the Parliament. He was administered the oath of the office by the Chief Justice of India JS Khehar. Kovind, who defeated Opposition candidate Meira Kumar after securing over 65% votes, is the country' s second Dalit President after KR Narayanan. 
President Ram Nath Kovind gave his acceptance speech in the Parliament after being sworn- in as the 14th President. " I feel privileged to walk on the same path as Dr Radhakrishnan, Dr Abdul Kalam, and Pranab da, " he said. He also thanked those present for " trusting [ him] with the responsibility to be the President of India" . 
Speaking about nepotism remarks which followed the announcement of his launch by Yash Raj Films, actor Raj Kapoor' s grandson Aadar Jain said that he felt bad and added, " I' m human after all. " He added, " Yes, I feel bad when people says things without seeing my work. " Aadar will be seen making his acting debut with YRF film ' Qaidi Band' . 
Actress Kajal Aggarwal' s manager Ronnie was arrested on Monday in connection with the drug racket case allegedly involving Tollywood actors and filmmakers. The Special Investigating Team ( SIT) raided the manager' s residence and found him in possession of marijuana. A SIT source said, " We strongly suspect his role in drug peddling in Tollywood and have arrested him after monitoring his activities. " 
A Gurugram district court on Monday reportedly sentenced a blind banker to 10 years in jail for allegedly raping a blind widow repeatedly on the pretext of marriage. Reportedly, the accused also pleaded for leniency on account of his blindness, but the court rejected it. The court relied upon ' voice identification' to help the woman identify the accused, reports said. 
North Delhi Municipal Corporation has reportedly decided to develop e- rickshaw charging points at select parking lots. Drivers would be able to charge their e- rickshaws at " minimal" prices at night, reports said. Authorities reportedly plan to develop the charging points away from main roads to avoid jam, and expect to develop the facility at six locations by the end of August. 
A Delhi police officer has been suspended for allegedly getting drunk and masturbating before a woman constable at a training academy. The cop also inappropriately touched two other women constables who then warned him of informing senior officials about his actions. A senior police officer has confirmed the incident and said a departmental inquiry is being conducted in this case. 
Professor Yash Pal, a renowned scientist, passed away at 90 on Monday night in a Noida hospital. Pal was awarded Padma Bhushan in 1976 and Padma Vibhushan in 2013. He was known for his contribution to the study of cosmic rays at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research. He also featured in a famous science series, ' Turning Point' , on Doordarshan. 
Italian footballer Antonio Cassano has announced his retirement for the second time in a week, after joining newly promoted side Verona two weeks back. The 35- year- old joined Verona on July 10, but announced his retirement after a week, reversing it hours later, then retired again on Monday. Cassano said his priority was to be close to his wife and children. 
A recent video of Lashkar- e- Taiba co- founder Amir Hamza has reportedly been recovered showing Hamza provoking jihadis to wage war in the northeastern states of India. " We will fight in Sikkim. . . we will fight in Srinagar, " Hamza allegedly said in the video. He was even heard saying if India sends troops to Bhutan, then Chinese troops will enter Srinagar along with Pakistan' s. 
The Paris canal opened to swimmers after nearly a century was temporarily closed within a week due to pollution and " unsatisfactory" water quality. The temporary swimming zones at the canal were the culmination of a 10- year effort by officials to purify the canal water. Swimming in Paris' city waters was banned in 1923 over fears of currents and water quality. 
Swiss town of Schaffhausen was sealed off on Monday after a chainsaw attacker stormed an office building, injuring five people in a violent attack, according to reports. Confirming the identity of the assailant, police have launched a search operation to capture him. However, the incident is not being treated as a terrorist activity. 
President Pranab Mukherjee launched Rashtrapati Bhavan' s Twitter account to connect directly with people. It currently has over 32 lakh followers. Interestingly, during the last two years of his tenure, he used to teach class 11 and 12 students in the school inside the Rashtrapati Bhavan premises. A ' speaking museum' was developed at the Rashtrapati Bhavan to narrate the building' s story. 
President- elect Ram Nath Kovind, who will take the oath as the country' s 14th President, talked about his childhood, saying his election to the post " is to represent all such Kovinds toiling away to make a living" . He was born in an Uttar Pradesh village, and his father had to sell off a piece of his land to fund his education. 
Paramedical and contractual staff of a Noida district hospital on Monday reportedly protested for four hours against the hospital authorities over pending salaries and non- renewal of contracts. Hospital officials said that their salary payment and contract- renewal had to be done by the Noida Authority, and the hospital was not responsible for it. The staff resumed their duties after the protests. 
A 9- year- old South African child has become only the third known case worldwide to show signs of AIDS virus' long- term remission without any drugs. The child was given anti- AIDS medicine for 10 months till the age of one which helped lower HIV levels from " very high" to undetectable. The kid was then taken off drugs as part of a trial. 
Delhi Police have been using Bollywood- inspired memes to spread awareness about social issues on Twitter. " Memes are helpful in establishing a connect with young people and they also popularise our on- ground campaigns to counter drug addiction, ragging and cyber crimes, " police said. Hashtags like # Drugskadanda, # Drugskapanchnama and # Jabwearrest were also used in the campaign. 
With majority of toilets built under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan lying unused, posters depicting characters like Baahubali making their contribution towards cleanliness have been put up to push the campaign at Indian Railways. Railways, with the help of a startup, has also put up hoardings appealing passengers to become like Bhagat Singh, among other national icons by keeping the country clean. 
A Chandigarh hospital' s doctors ruled out the possibility of abortion for a 10- year- old rape victim who is nearly eight months pregnant. The Supreme Court on Monday had asked the hospital to examine if the pregnancy can be terminated after hearing a plea for the rape survivor. A Chandigarh district court had rejected the plea when she was six months pregnant. 
The UP government has revoked its decision to provide separate VVIP lanes at toll plazas for MPs and MLAs stuck in traffic jams. Additional Chief Secretary Sadakant issued letters to all magistrates " modifying" an advisory dated July 13 that ensured separate VVIP lanes, which he said, " raised a number of questions" . All existing facilities will benefit all citizens, he added. 
Premier League club Manchester City has signed French side AS Monaco' s Benjamin Mendy for £ 52 million ( over ? 436 crore) , making him the world' s most expensive defender. The 23- year- old left- back surpassed Kyle Walker, who recently signed for Manchester City from Tottenham Hotspur for over £ 45 million ( around ? 377 crore) . Manchester City has now taken its summer spending to over £ 200 million. 
The family of late wrestler Khashaba Dadasaheb Jadhav, who bagged India' s first Olympic bronze medal in 1952, has threatened to auction the medal to fund a wrestling academy. The wrestler' s son said the Maharashtra government had planned an academy in 2009, but no action was taken. The family has also threatened a hunger strike if funds are not released. 
A 22- year- old engineering student allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the terrace of the 11- storey Uniworld City building in Gurugram on Friday evening. Police officials said they did not find a suicide note and added that his body was handed over to his family after post- mortem. Reports suggested that the victim suffered from depression. 
Delhi' s Indira Gandhi International Airport has become a transit point for drug trade with over 19 arrests at the airport so far this year, officials said. This was reportedly double the corresponding number last year. Narcotics Control Bureau' s records show that 15 people were arrested for smuggling drugs this year in July, as compared to only two in July 2016. 
Passengers are making their toddlers drag suitcases onboard to avoid paying the fee for checked- in baggage, Ryanair Chief Financial Officer Neil Sorahan said. Irish airline Ryanair charges extra for checked- in baggage, and travellers reportedly avoid this fee by carrying extra cabin luggage. Sorahan said, " I' ve seen two- year- olds wheeling a bag up to the plane as people try to take advantage. " 
During his last address to the nation, outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said that the Parliament was his temple, and the service of the people of India was his passion. " How successful I was in discharging my responsibilities will be judged, over time, by the critical lens of history, " he added. 
The government has sent 304 declassified files related to Subhas Chandra Bose to the National Archives of India, Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma said during Lok Sabha' s Monsoon Session. Out of these, 303 files have already been uploaded online for public viewing, he added. The government had earlier released 100 files related to Netaji in January 2016. 
A major fire broke out on Monday in Delhi' s Lok Nayak Bhawan complex, which houses several government offices including those of the CBI and Income- Tax Department. Around 25 fire engines were rushed into service at the complex. The fire was allegedly sparked by a short circuit in an air- conditioning unit on the fourth floor of the building. 
After being slammed for her tweet wherein she described the morning Azaan played on loudspeakers as " extreme imposed religiosity" , singer Suchitra Krishnamoorthi said that after Sonu Nigam' s tweet, the azaan in her area has become louder. " It' s almost like retaliation, " added Suchitra. She further said that bhajans in a temple or church bells playing loudly are not right either. 
Maharashtra' s Barvi dam, which provides water to most cities in Thane district, has been filled up to 99% of its total capacity due to heavy rainfall. Officials said that water stock from the dam will ensure that only nominal water cuts happen next year. Notably, the height of the dam was increased in 2016 to accommodate more water stock. 
The Jammu and Kashmir Police on Monday said it had arrested 20 people accused in the lynching of DSP Mohammad Ayub Pandith outside a mosque over a month ago. The police added that one accused was killed in an encounter with security forces earlier this month. Reportedly, the police have also recovered an iron rod used to hit Pandith. 
Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh' s mother Mohinder Kaur passed away aged 94 on Monday at her residence in Patiala after a prolonged illness. She was the last designated queen of the estate ruled by the Phulkian dynasty. Her last rites will be conducted on Tuesday morning, according to reports. 
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation has proposed the construction of a six- storey multilevel parking which can hold at least 180 cars at Defence Colony market to solve the issue of insufficient parking space. The parking, which will reportedly cost around ? 13. 5 crore, was proposed as a part of the civic bodies' market development project focusing on 70 South Delhi markets. 
The New Delhi Municipal Corporation has announced that Gole Market near Connaught Place will be transformed into a museum to house materials of cultural and historical importance related to Delhi. The museum will reportedly have four components including a photo exhibition, documentaries, freedom movement, and paintings and sculpture. The project is expected to be completed by September 2018. 
A prolonged drought in Italy may lead to water rationing as the country faces its driest spring in 60 years, reports said. Water supply shutdowns could last as long as eight hours daily as some parts of the country received rainfall totalling 80% below normal, officials said. The drought could reportedly lead to Rome' s famed fountains being turned off. 
Microsoft has announced its long- standing basic graphics editing program ' MS Paint' will no longer be available with the next Windows 10 update called the Autumn Creators Update. The program was first released with the very first version of Windows 1. 0 in 1985. MS Paint' s removal is a part of Microsoft' s plan to shut programs that are " not in active development. " 
At least 20 people were killed and 30 others were injured on Monday in a suicide bomb blast in Lahore near the office of Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif' s brother and Punjab CM Shehbaz. The attack reportedly targeted police personnel deployed at the site and buildings near the blast site were evacuated. No group has claimed responsibility for the blast yet. 
UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson likened a traditional Maori greeting, hongi, to a head butt while visiting indigenous leaders in New Zealand. He said hongi which involves two people pressing their noses together " might be misinterpreted in a pub in Glasgow" . Boris is visiting New Zealand as Britain aims to strengthen ties with it in preparation for Brexit. 
A journalist has requested the Supreme Court to direct the government to let Sri Tirumala Tirupati Venkateswara temple exchange ? 8. 29 crore of banned notes donated by devotees. The man, in his petition said, non- acceptance of the devotees' offerings was discriminatory and meant that their wishes will remain ' unfulfilled' . This is the world' s second richest temple with assets worth ? 50, 000 crore. 
Delhi state consumer panel has directed SBI to refund ? 1. 29 lakh to a customer for not taking effective steps to block her stolen ATM card in 2006. It also imposed cost of ? 1 lakh on SBI for filing a " frivolous" appeal. It' s a case of deficient service as the complainant has not received a single penny in 11 years, it noted. 
Central Board of Excise and Customs has criticised West Bengal' s introduction of e- way bill system without waiting for it is launch by the Centre. E- way bill would be rolled out after infrastructure is ready to employ RFID chips and QR codes to ensure speedy movement of goods. Under GST, e- way bill is required to transport goods worth over ? 50, 000. 
British cyclist Chris Froome won his third consecutive and fourth overall Tour de France, finishing the race in 86 hours 20 minutes 55 seconds in Paris on Sunday. The 32- year- old rider, who finished the event with a 54- second lead, has moved within one win of the all- time record. The 3, 540- km 23- day long Grand Tour, featured a total of 198 riders. 
The Pakistani- origin terrorist behind the London Bridge terror attack, Khuram Butt, has reportedly been buried in secret without any rites or mourners after a number of UK cemeteries refused to accept the body. Butt masterminded the June attack in which he drove a van into pedestrians and stabbed people with a knife, killing eight and injuring 48 others. 
Donald Trump is the first US President without a pet in the White House in nearly 150 years, in break with a long- held tradition of presidential pet ownership. The last pet- less US leader was Andrew Johnson who was impeached in 1868. US Presidents have owned conventional pets like cats and dogs, and also exotic animals like bears and tigers. n
Kerala Police has arrested a production executive named Kiran Kumar following a complaint filed by Malayalam actress Mythili after he posted her private pictures on social media. Kiran and Mythili were reportedly in a relationship also, which Mythili is said to have ended when she got to know that Kumar was married. He was allegedly blackmailing the actress for ransom. 
Actress Shabana Azmi has said that filmmakers should decide if they want to cut scenes in their film and not any board. She added that the Censor Board should only certify films and not censor scenes. " However much you say CBFC? is an autonomous body. . . people taken on the board. . . have some kind of affinity with the ruling party, " added Shabana. 
Snooty, the oldest known manatee in the world, passed away on Sunday, a day after celebrating his 69th birthday. His death appeared to be a " heartbreaking accident" as Snooty died after getting stuck in a maintenance hatch, South Florida Museum CEO Brynne Anne Besio said. " We? re all devastated. . . staff, volunteers and board members considered him a star, " Besio added. 
The Mumbai police on Saturday arrested a 39- year- old man for allegedly flashing at a woman in Churchgate. The 30- year- old woman raised an alarm when he allegedly overtook and flashed at her. The man was granted bail after he reportedly said that he was only fixing the zip of his trousers. The police said it could be a case of misinterpretation. 
The Noida authority has reportedly decided to name all lanes in villages under its jurisdiction for identification purposes and for improving civic facilities. The lanes of Jhundpura village will be reportedly named first. Officials said that villages cannot be ignored because " all areas are interconnected" and poor civic amenities in villages affect urban areas too. 
Mumbai police has reportedly refused to probe the money laundering case against former IPL commissioner Lalit Modi, and returned it to Chennai police saying that ' FIR was filed in Chennai' . Seven years after the FIR, Chennai police in June transferred the case to Mumbai saying that as Mumbai police has territorial jurisdiction, it can conduct speedy investigation of the case. 
Uttar Pradesh Power Minister Shrikant Sharma on Sunday launched free power connection schemes for BPL families at 624 places across the state. Sharma said that the scheme would also benefit those without BPL cards at present by charging ? 80- ? 120 from them to provide the power connection. The scheme would provide relief to middle- class families with instalment payment facility, he added. 
The Kerala High Court has rejected the bail plea of actor Dileep, who was arrested two weeks ago in connection with the abduction and assault on a Malayalam actress. The court noted that Dileep' s release at this point would affect the ongoing investigation. The police suspect Dileep of paying men to abduct and assault the actress. 
Rishi Kapoor slammed director Anurag Basu for delaying ' Jagga Jasoos' , and said the film was in post- production even two days before release. " You may be. . . biggest director in the world but nobody would like to work with you. . . you' re irresponsible, " added Rishi. He further said that in the entire process, he and Ranbir, who is the film' s co- producer, are getting a bad name. nn
Akshay Kumar has apologised for posting a picture of himself waving the Indian flag upside down while cheering for the Indian cricket team at Women' s World Cup final. " Extending my sincerest apology for violating the code of conduct for the tricolour. Didn' t mean to offend anyone, the picture has been removed, " tweeted Akshay. India lost to England by nine runs. 
Mumbai' s 172- year- old Sir JJ Hospital on Sunday reportedly got its first case of cadaver donation when a 38- year- old brain- dead woman' s organs were donated by her family to the hospital. The hospital transplanted her liver and eyes in three patients. The woman was reportedly admitted to the hospital after she met with an accident and was declared brain- dead after some days. 
Delhi government is reportedly planning to allow colleges to issue leaners' driving licences to students by September. It was proposed because the demand for these licences was allegedly highest among the 18- 24 age group applicants. Students have to be above 18 years of age for eligibility and score at least six out of ten marks in an online test. 
A Maharashtra education board has introduced a compulsory six- week internship in the last year of diploma engineering courses as part of a new curriculum. Authorities said the new curriculum will provide practical training and " industry- relevant" skills to the students. The decision was allegedly taken after the number of admission- seeking students reportedly declined by 38% in the last two years. 
Farmers' organisations in Maharashtra will reportedly hold ' rasta roko' ( blockade) on August 14 to restart their protests to demand farm loan waiver. This comes after the farmers' groups held a march in Pune to spread awareness about the alleged injustices to farmers. They also demanded that farmers be paid 50% minimum support price apart from input costs. 
Comedian Sugandha Mishra said she stresses on female comedians not being made eye- candy. She added that sometimes, makers of a comedy show keep women only for cues and give main lines to men. Sugandha further said that initially, good- looking girls find it difficult doing comedy as they are confused about negative portrayals, as is sometimes required in comedy shows. 
Over 200 sheep plunged to their deaths from a 200 metre- high cliff on the France- Spain border, while reportedly trying to escape a brown bear. The bodies of 169 sheep were found in Spanish village Lladorre, while the rest were found in France. The flock of sheep, belonging to a French farmer, had panicked after the bear attacked one of them. 
Maharashtra government on Sunday approved bank guarantees and loan- related sanctions for four Mumbai Metro projects. They approved bank guarantee for Metro 4 and issued Debt Sustainability Certificate ( DSC) for Metro 2A, Metro 2B and Metro 7 projects. This will help formalise the loan agreements with Asian Development Bank and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank which are funding the projects. 
The eight- lane Hero Honda Chowk flyover of Gurugram was opened to traffic on Monday. The flyover is expected to smoothen the traffic movement for commuters, including those travelling between Jaipur and Delhi via Gurugram and Manesar. The construction of the 1. 4 km flyover started in 2014 as part of a three- layered crossing involving the flyover, underpass, and surface road. 
The Indian Air Force on Sunday rescued a pregnant woman, newborn twins and their mother from a flooded village in Gujarat. The village was inaccessible through roads due to heavy rainfall and floods. An official said a Chetak helicopter reached the location within 45 minutes of receiving the evacuation request and flew them to a medical team waiting for them. 
Prison officials in the Public Accounts Committee Meeting of Karnataka Legislative Assembly have agreed that AIADMK leader VK Sasikala was given special treatment in jail. The committee has ordered a probe into the matter asking officials to submit a report within 15 days. Notably, the issue was raised by Karnataka' s DIG of Prisons D Roopa who has now been transferred. 
Rajasthan Police busted a network of drivers and contractors who stole around 5 crore litres of crude oil from Cairn India' s Barmer oilfield in six years. The tanker operators authorised for transporting water carried oil in two of the five compartments inside the nearly 40, 000- litre tanker, police said. Reportedly, ? 49 crore worth of oil could have been stolen in total. 
Reliance Jio has reportedly submitted a proposal to the Ministry of Human Resource to provide free WiFi in around 38, 000 colleges across the country. The facility will reportedly benefit 3 crore students, who will be able to access the government' s National Knowledge Network. A tender will be floated to give other companies a fair chance, according to a government source. 
Jawaharlal Nehru University' s Vice- Chancellor M Jagadesh Kumar has requested the government to get an Army tank for the campus to instill a feeling of nationalism in the students. " The tank will remind students of the great sacrifices and valour of Indian Army" , Kumar said. He was speaking at the celebration of the Kargil Vijay Divas at the campus. 
Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee in his farewell speech on Sunday remembered Indira Gandhi, calling her a towering personality. He also mentioned an incident when on being asked about her gains after the Emergency, she replied, " In those 21 months we comprehensively managed to alienate all sections of people" . " Nobody after that asked a question about Emergency" , he said. 
Stubbs, the cat which was elected as the honorary mayor of Alaska' s town Talkeetna, passed away on Thursday night at the age of 20. Talkeetna, which is a town which has no human mayor, elected Stubbs in 1997. The cat, which liked drinking water and catnip from margarita glasses, was a tourist attraction in the town of around 900 residents. n
India women' s team captain Mithali Raj called for a women' s IPL after the team lost the World Cup final to England, saying " now was the time to create the base" . " The WBBL has given exposure to two girls. . . If more girls participate in such leagues, it will give them experience and help them to improve their own game, " said Mithali. 
An 18- month- old girl reportedly died on Saturday after a car hit her in Mumbai' s Santacruz ( West) when she was crossing the road with her mother. The girl was admitted to a hospital for head injuries but was declared dead on admission. The driver was arrested for allegedly causing death due to negligence and sent to judicial custody. 
The Aviation Ministry has issued an order withdrawing the direct runway access given to Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Yadav and his wife Rabri Devi at the Patna airport, according to reports. The privilege was reportedly withdrawn owing to the fact that neither of the two leaders hold any constitutional post at present. 
A 32- year- old man from Chennai who was carrying 2 kg of the drug methaqualone was arrested at Mumbai Airport on Saturday. The Air Intelligence Unit said the accused, set to travel to Malaysia, may have been working for a syndicate. The drugs, worth ? 2 crore, were found in his bag and were hidden in a cavity made of cardboard. 
Indian shuttler HS Prannoy won the US Open Grand Prix Gold tournament after defeating Parupalli Kashyap in an all- India final on Sunday. The 25- year- old defeated Kashyap 21- 15, 20- 22, 21- 12 to clinch his third Grand Prix Gold and maiden US Open title. This was the third all- India final this year, after the Singapore Open and Syed Modi International Badminton Championships. 
A youth in Madhya Pradesh' s Shivpuri district was allegedly forced to eat shit after being accused of harassing a girl. He was also beaten up by the girl' s family. " Police said forcing to eat excreta is nothing, it is done just to insult someone, " he said. The police said both the families tried resolving the issue, but later registered cases. 
China opened a cinema hall on Yongxing Island in the disputed South China Sea on Saturday, not far from where an American warship sailed earlier this month. Over 200 residents and soldiers attended an inaugural screening of the Chinese movie ' The Eternity of Jiao Yulu' . Several countries, including the Philippines and Malaysia, have territorial claims over the South China Sea. 
US President Donald Trump has attacked The New York Times in a tweet, alleging that one of its reports led to the failure of a US bid to capture ISIS leader Abu Bakr al- Baghdadi. However, US media suggested Trump was referring to a Fox News report which allegedly leaked information about US efforts to capture Baghdadi. 
Maharashtra and Rajasthan recorded the highest number of cases of child marriage, according to a National Commission for Protection of Child Rights' report. Of the 70 districts identified with high incidents of child marriage, 17 are in Maharashtra, followed by 13 in Rajasthan. Notably, 326 child marriages were reported in 2016, up from the 293 cases in 2015. 
The Maharashtra government has lifted the ban on the sale of paan masala until a single- member committee decides on the matter. Public health experts urged the government to reconsider its decision adding that paan masala is harmful to health and permitting its sale was shocking. Notably, Maharashtra had banned paan masala in 2014. 
After 19 Mumbai suburban railway stations were equipped with free WiFi earlier this month, the authorities said they were receiving complaints of non- commuters and miscreants using the facility to watch porn. Reportedly, officials now plan to urge the service providing agency, RailTel, to shut the WiFi post- midnight or after the departure of the last train from the stations. 
Over four lakh saplings have been planted by the New Delhi Municipal Council ( NDMC) as a part of its green drive which began earlier this month. The NDMC aims to plant a total of 10 lakh indigenous trees such as babul, ber, amaltas, and peepal this monsoon. Central Delhi' s resident welfare associations and market associations joined the drive this week. 
Ganesh mandals across Mumbai have been demanding that noise norms in Silent Zones of the city should be relaxed for Ganeshotsav. Silent Zones are areas within 100 metres of hospitals, courts, educational or religious institutions where noise levels must not exceed 45 decibels. Notably, the state government has also asked for relaxation of Silence Zones norms ahead of the festival. 
After banning maids from entering the society following protests over an allegedly missing maid, Noida' s Mahagun Moderne Society has reportedly allowed them to resume work. It was earlier decided that maids who participated in the protest will not be allowed to resume work, but many maids were reportedly hired again after the residents took responsibility for them. 
The Gurugram Police on Thursday arrested a man belonging to the Rewari- based ' Aloo' gang for allegedly possessing illegal arms and recovered two country- made pistols and 12 live cartridges. He was reportedly in Sohna to murder a member of the rival ' Jhota' gang. The ' Aloo' gang is wanted for several cases of murder and attempted murder. 
An activist has launched an online petition to save over 1, 700 trees in Delhi' s Pragati Maidan from being cut down. This comes after an RTI response revealed that the Delhi Forest Department had allowed cutting the trees to construct an exhibition centre. Activists have already raised concerns that 15, 000 trees were felled in the Capital over the last three years. 
A 16- year- old Class 10 student on Thursday gave birth to a premature baby girl in her school' s washroom in Delhi' s Mukherjee Nagar. Neither the girl' s parents nor her teachers and classmates were aware of her 26- week pregnancy, reports said. Police said the girl was impregnated by her 51- year- old neighbour, who raped her eight times in as many months. 
Mumbai' s Byculla zoo on Friday celebrated the second birthday of Mr Molt, one of the eight penguins brought from South Korea. Mr Molt was dressed in a red t- shirt and was presented a ' fish- and- ice' cake. After some activists spoke against dressing up the penguin, the zoo authorities clarified that the penguin wore the shirt just " for a few seconds" . 
A two- year- old boy was attacked and killed by a leopard while he was out for a walk with his family on Saturday in Mumbai. The boy was grabbed and taken away by the leopard while the elders were walking ahead, officials said. He was brought to a hospital where doctors declared him dead and said he died of blood loss. 
A 57- year- old yoga teacher died on Saturday, three days after a tree fell on her head during her morning walk in Mumbai' s Chembur. The woman, a former anchor with Doordarshan, was admitted to a hospital with head injuries but did not survive. The authorities allegedly did not take action even after the locals had asked them to cut down the tilted tree. 
Over 3, 900 illegal websites were shut down by China' s Internet watchdogs from April to June this year, according to reports. The websites included those that published content which jeopardised national security, and those that spread violence, vulgarity or ungrounded rumours, Cyberspace Administration of China said. Notably, China operates the world' s largest Internet censorship regime. 
NDA Vice Presidential nominee Venkaiah Naidu on Sunday said that Pakistan should " recall what happened in 1971, " and focus on their own country and maintain peace there. " Pakistan is mixing terrorism with religion. It has unfortunately become Pakistan' s state policy, " he added. India had won the 13- day war against Pakistan in 1971, which resulted in the liberation of Bangladesh. 
Gay men in England will be allowed to donate blood three months after having sex instead of a year, under equalities reforms announced by the government. The reforms will come into force in early 2018. Notably, a lifetime ban had been imposed on gay and bisexual men donating blood across the UK during the 1980s AIDS crisis. 
Tomatoes are reportedly being protected by armed guards in Indore after prices soared due to a shortage. Farmers in Madhya Pradesh had dumped tomatoes on the roads earlier this year after a bumper production brought its price down, which then led to the shortage. Marketplace officials reportedly appointed six armed guards for protecting tomatoes after receiving requests from businessmen. 
Actress Taapsee Pannu has said that it was intimidating to meet big stars like actors Amitabh Bachchan and Salman Khan at social events for the first time. She added, " We have grown up watching Salman so we have this wow image about him. " Notably, Taapsee and Amitabh were seen together in the 2016 courtroom drama ' Pink' . 
The Maharashtra government is reportedly planning to start operations at 9 city airports under the Centre? s Regional Connectivity Scheme, to make travel to smaller cities easier. Connectivity will be provided to Nanded, Solapur, Kolhapur, Jalgaon, Nashik, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Gondia, and Amravati. Incentives like free security will be made available to the airports to make them viable. 
The police on Saturday arrested three persons from a gang of five alleged criminals in Greater Noida, after a shootout in which one of them was injured and two managed to flee. The police had acted on a tip- off and discovered later that the gang from Bulandshahr, was involved in a robbery in Noida' s Kasna this month. 
The Women and Child Development Ministry has proposed that it should be compulsory for both boys and girls to study home science and physical education in school, in order to promote gender sensitivity. The ministry reportedly made several other recommendations aimed at redefining gender roles starting at a young age and creating new employment opportunities for women. 
The Bombay High Court has directed the Maharashtra government to frame a comprehensive policy to regulate adventure sports in the state within three months. This came after petitioners claimed that the existing government resolution regulating adventure sports across Maharashtra was not being implemented effectively and that several provisions of the resolution were ' impractical' . 
The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation plans to install 1, 100 water vending machines at 450 railway stations in 2017- 18. A 300 ml glass of water from these machines will cost ? 1, while a litre will cost ? 5 and two litres will cost ? 8. This is aimed at ensuring availability of clean drinking water at low cost at the stations. 
During his farewell speech on Sunday, outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee said that he was a creation of the Parliament. " The Parliament gave a direction to my political vision as I got to learn a lot from the serious discussions held in both Houses of the Parliament, " he added. Notably, the first parliamentary session he attended was on July 22, 1969. 
Farmers in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg have asked the Maharashtra government to hike land acquisition rate for the West Coast Refinery and Petrochemical project to ? 1 crore per hectare. The farmers reportedly justified their demand by quoting the ? 1 crore acquisition rate in Mumbai- Goa highway project and ? 52 lakh to ? 5. 2 crore per hectare rate in Mumbai- Nagpur expressway project. 
Hollywood actress Bella Thorne has clarified that she is not the woman in a viral sex tape, which reportedly featured her masturbating, while tweeting, " You guys think this is real? " The video shows the girl saying, " I really need a father. " Bella called it the video' s worst part as it made fun of the fact that she lost her father. 
Comedian and television host Krushna Abhishek has said that Kapil Sharma just gives one- liners while adding, " I do performances. " He further said, " Does he perform for one hour in his show? I perform for one hour. That' s the difference between us. " However, Krushna clarified that he does not have a problem with Kapil. 
Shahid Kapoor, while speaking about the failure of Rangoon, said he cannot take ownership of the film. " Rangoon as a film had many energies and many people. . . I am happy my part was appreciated but I am sad for the film not doing well, " he added. Shahid further said it is disheartening when a film does not do good business and does not get appreciation. 
Actress Nandita Das has said that be it films, advertisements or television, India portrays ' fair' people in a country that is largely dark. She said this while reacting to actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui' s tweet wherein he wrote, " I cannot be paired along with the fair and handsome because I am dark and not good looking. " 
Delhi Metro' s non- executive staff called off their strike on Sunday after a meeting with the Managing Director and other senior officials at Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. The employees had been demanding a salary increase and rolling back of action against staff council members. Around 9, 000 metro employees had threatened to go on strike from Monday if their demands were not met. 
Musician Wuilly Arteaga, who became the face of anti- government protests in Venezuela, has promised to " be back in the streets" after he was injured in clashes on Saturday. Arteaga gained popularity for playing the national anthem and other tunes on his violin during the protests. " Neither rubber bullets nor pellets will stop our fight for Venezuela' s independence, " Arteaga said. 
The CAG has criticised Railways over improper cleanliness and management of linen, and suggested putting in place a mechanism to ensure strict compliance to norms. It said the washing and sanitation of linen and blankets are not done as per norms. The CAG added at many storage depots, fresh linen was stored haphazardly and was exposed to dirt and contamination. 
Around 26 Chartered Accountants have come under the Institute of Chartered Accountants' scanner over alleged links with shell companies. The reference came from Serious Fraud Investigation Office and details about the CAs are being collected. Notably, ICAI can initiate disciplinary proceedings against members including suspension and cancelling of their registration. 
The proposed National Anti- Profiteering Authority under GST regime will take up those cases where the financial implication of undue profit is over ? 1 crore having ' national or mass impact' , while the rest would be transferred to the state screening authority. The authority will suggest return of undue profit to consumers along with 18% interest, and also impose penalty. 
A £ 14 billion ( ? 1. 17 lakh crore) class- action lawsuit against Mastercard, for allegedly overcharging over 4. 5 crore people in Britain over a 16- year period, was blocked by a court. The tribunal found no individual could receive compensation equal to the loss actually suffered. Had it been allowed, the case would have been the largest and most complex in British legal history. 
India' s biggest listed blue- chip firms are paying their top executives salaries of up to 1, 200 times the median employee remunerations, disclosures by top listed firms revealed. The pay packages of senior- most personnel rose at most private firms during 2016- 17. Among the major Sensex firms, Lupin saw the ratio between the Chairman remuneration and the median employee remuneration at 1, 263 times. 
Veteran Congress leader M Veerappa Moily has said Madhur Bhandarkar' s film on 1975- 77 Emergency ' Indu Sarkar' will hurt Congressmen' s sentiments and that is what PM Narendra Modi wants. " Ultimately, it will ( hurt) him ( Narendra Modi) . . . All these ruinous activities help in exit of BJP, " he added. Moily further said there is no exit door for Congress but there is always one for BJP. nn
Ranbir Kapoor has said the upcoming biopic on Sanjay Dutt is not propaganda to portray him as God. " We' re trying to show a very human side of Sanjay Dutt, his perils, his downfall, his time in jail, terrorism charges, his drug phase. . . , " he added. Ranbir further said Dutt has never been a hypocrite about his life. 
Actor Emraan Hashmi has said he benefitted a lot from the ' serial kisser' tag. " A number of my films in which I was shown kissing did very well in the beginning of my career, " he added. However, Emraan said he is now trying to do away with the tag as it may restrict his growth as an actor. 
Wishing the Indian women' s team ahead of the World Cup final, former men' s team captain MS Dhoni advised the team to embrace the occasion and not focus on the result. " Enjoy the moment because that is what cricket is all about. It' s a sport. . . it' s meant to be enjoyed, " Dhoni added. India Women played their second World Cup final on Sunday. 
Punjab' s Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has announced a ? 5 lakh reward for Indian women' s team cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur. Singh, who called up Harmanpreet' s father Harmandar Singh, also praised Kaur' s unbeaten 171- run knock against Australia in the semifinals. The Chief Minister further said he hopes that Kaur would continue to make the country proud with her contributions. 
Union Human Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar has said that next year onwards, the question paper for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test ( NEET) will be the same in all languages. This comes after the Madras High Court stayed the exam results this year. The court was hearing a petition which claimed that questions in vernacular languages were tougher. 
The Income Tax department has detected undisclosed income of around ? 71, 941 crore over the last three years from April 1, 2014 to February 28, 2017, the Centre told the Supreme Court. Undisclosed income of over ? 5, 400 crore was detected and 303 kg of gold was seized during the demonetisation period from November 9, 2016 to January 10, 2017, it stated. 
Nine people were killed and 22 injured on Saturday as a bus carrying pilgrims overturned near Udaipur, Rajasthan. The bus was on a 16- day tour of religious places, including Pushkar and Haridwar. Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his grief over the loss of lives and wished a speedy recovery for those injured in the accident. 
The Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Vijay Sampla, said that the government is doing everything it can to bring back the 39 Indians missing in Iraq. " We need to have patience, " he added. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had earlier said that they might be alive in a prison in Badush. 
India women' s team captain Mithali Raj has become the first skipper across men' s and women' s cricket to lead India in two ODI World Cup finals. Mithali, who captained India in the final against England on Sunday, also led in the 2005 final, which the team lost against Australia. Jhulan Goswami is the only other member to play both finals. 
A class 10 student from Bihar, who got 0 in Maths, got 94 in the same paper after the updated results were announced. Another student' s Sanskrit marks increased from 0 to 40, while another one got his marks upgraded from 12 to 61. The state Board had got the papers rechecked after over 50% failed this year. 
Haryana- based Shweta Mehta, from Neha Dhupia' s gang, was on Saturday announced the winner of stunt- based reality show MTV Roadies Rising. She emerged as the winner after beating Baseer Ali from Prince Narula' s team. " I had auditioned for Roadies thrice in the past, but did not make it to the show. But failing thrice did not dampen my spirits, " said Shweta. 
The government has issued a list of dos and don? ts for people going to Saudi Arabia for jobs, asking them not to have any obscene clips on phone and anything related to black magic. It also advises not to have information on Saudi laws that are punishable with jail time and text related to any religion other than Islam. 
The RSS has asked people to chant a mantra five times every day before starting prayers, to " hurt" China' s interests. " Kailash, Himalaya, aur Tibet Cheen ki asuri shakti se mukt ho ( Kailash, Himalaya, and Tibet be delivered from the demonic clutches of China) , " says the mantra. The group said that the mantra will " create positive action" . 
The Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) formed a Special Investigation Team ( SIT) on Saturday to investigate the rape and murder case of a minor girl in Shimla. It also registered two FIRs in the case, one for the girl and the other for the death of one of the accused in police custody. 
India' s President- elect Ram Nath Kovind, who will take the oath of the office on Tuesday, is likely to head to the Army posts in Ladakh on his maiden trip as President. According to an Army official, the process for his visit has been initiated and the approval is expected soon. Notably, the President is the commander- in- chief of the armed forces. 
The Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG) said in a report that food " unfit for human consumption" is being served by Indian Railways. It noted that an iron nail was found in a cutlet served to a passenger and fungus was found around sweets. It added that uncovered food items were found on the floor in Bihar' s Chapra station. 
As many as 77 votes were declared invalid in the Presidential elections, because of invalid symbols like commas, dots, and circles, according to the people involved in counting. The number ' 1' with a ' . ' was the most common mistake, while the " 1" ( one in inverted commas) came second. One voter wrote ' 1' on Meira Kumar' s name instead of the box. 
UK retailer Boots has said it is " truly sorry" for the way it responded to a campaign calling for it to cut the price of emergency contraception and said it is looking for cheaper alternatives. The announcement came amid calls for boycott. Boots earlier said it would not lower the morning- after pill' s price because it did not want to ' incentivise inappropriate use' . 
Mumbai police has arrested a BMC sweeper who would pose as a Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority ( MHADA) official by night and dupe people by illegally sanctioning flats. The accused claimed he would give the keys of the flat soon, but would say he was waiting for an auspicious day whenever a victim called to ask, an officer said. 
BJP National President Amit Shah said on Saturday that the Ram Temple in Ayodhya should be constructed in a legal manner. " The party? s stand is clear and mentioned in the last four Lok Sabha election manifestos. The temple should be constructed in a legal manner and there should be mutual dialogue, " he said during his visit to Uttar Pradesh. 
A 22- year- old Delhi man was arrested on Thursday for allegedly kidnapping two children in order to force their mother to marry him. Their father had complained to the police that the children were kidnapped from school and was reportedly suspicious of the accused, who was the mother' s friend. The children, aged 8 and 10, were rescued. 
Indian tennis player Vishnu Vardhan won the men' s doubles event at the $ 125, 000 ATP Astana Challenger with Japanese partner Toshihide Matsui on Saturday, clinching his second Challenger title of the season. The Indo- Japanese pair defeated the Russian pair of Evgeny Karlovskiy and Evgeny Tyurnev 7- 6( 3) , 6- 7( 5) , 10- 7. Vardhan, ranked 179th, has already won six ITF Futures doubles titles this season. 
A 32- year- old Delhi driver was arrested for masturbating at a 33- year- old German woman in south Delhi' s Greater Kailash II. The woman was walking her dog in the area when she noticed the man staring her. When she walked further, he removed his pants and started masturbating while looking at her. She screamed at him and clicked pictures of his car. 
New Delhi Municipal Council is reportedly planning to stop vehicular movement in Connaught Place on weekends in order to decongest the area which gets around 5 lakh visitors every day. A pilot- launch of the plan is scheduled for August and after studying traffic flow and parking issues, the Council will decide whether the arrangement should be made permanent or not. 
Three members of a gang have been arrested for wearing khaki uniform and posing as policemen to rob people in Delhi. The gang dressed as policemen would reportedly check the target vehicle' s documents, rob the occupants at gunpoint, and then throw them outside at an isolated stretch of road. Two other members of the gang are still on the run. 
Raveesh Kumar is reportedly going to be the next spokesperson of the Ministry of External Affairs. Kumar, who is currently posted in Frankfurt as Consul General of India, is a 1995- batch IFS officer. He will replace Gopal Baglay, who was appointed as the joint secretary in the Prime Minister? s Office on Friday. 
Indian Super League side Atletico de Kolkata has been renamed to ' Aamar, Tomar Kolkata' ( ATK) after the team' s partnership with Spanish football club Atletico Madrid ended. The Spanish club, which had provided technical support to the Indian club, will be selling their stake in the club to the club' s principal owner Sanjiv Goenka. 
A transgender person should have the option to choose either " man, woman, or transgender" , according to a parliamentary committee' s report on The Transgender Persons ( Protection of Rights) Bill. Earlier, it was recommended in the Bill that a transgender should be declared as the third gender. 
High street chemist Boots is facing criticism after refusing to reduce the cost of a morning- after pill. The British Pregnancy Advisory Service had asked retailers to offer a more affordable product. Boots said it would not lower the price as it did not want to be accused of " incentivising inappropriate use" , which campaigners said was insulting and sexist. 
According to an analysis by National Centre for Advocacy Studies, ? 1, 084 crore or 81% of ? 1, 339 crore released by Maharashtra government to provide food for malnourished children in April- June 2017 remained unused. Most of the money spent under Centre' s Integrated Child Development Scheme was used in providing ready- to- cook food items, which allegedly taste bad and cause indigestion. n
The Mora coastal police in Mumbai have stopped their daily patrolling of Elephanta Island after passenger boat services from Mora were terminated due to heavy rains. Residents have complained that the local police is not taking the required measures for their security. The island has a population of around 2, 000 people and is visited by 3, 000- 4, 000 tourists every day. 
An Indian man, Balbir Singh aka Ranjit Singh has been convicted for using a fake identity to obtain American citizenship and faces up to 10 years in prison and a maximum possible fine of $ 250, 000. Singh had attempted to obtain asylum under false pretences, however, when his attempt failed he changed his name and other details to obtain immigration. n
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has formed ' Special 360' team to tackle spreading of dengue in the city. The team will visit areas with highest number of dengue cases across 24 wards to check mosquito breeding and to create awareness. This comes after 59 patients tested positive for dengue at city hospitals between June 1 and July 15 this year. 
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation' s ( BMC) Andheri ( East) ward office is hosting over 40 waste management companies to raise awareness among residents and school students about waste management. This comes after the BMC sent around 4, 000 notices to housing societies and other institutions in the area for failing to segregate waste. 
J& K police on Friday seized 66. 5 kgs of drugs, worth ? 300 crore from a truck that came from Pakistan- occupied Kashmir. The drugs were hidden among boxes of garments in the truck, and were found during checking at the trade facilitation centre in Uri near the Line of Control. Police have detained the truck driver, a resident of PoK, for questioning. 
The Los Angeles County coroner confirmed on Friday that 41- year- old Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington died by hanging. The coroner said a half- empty bottle of alcohol was found in the room, but no drugs were evident. Bennington reportedly struggled with drug and alcohol addictions at various times during his life. No suicide note was found at the site. 
Technology major Apple is reportedly working with Chinese battery manufacturer Contemporary Amperex to develop electric automotive batteries. Apple received a permit to start testing self- driving cars in April this year. The company' s CEO Tim Cook has also confirmed that Apple is building technology for self- driving cars, but did not say whether it will make a car of its own. 
At least 12 Afghan policemen were killed and two others were injured on Friday in the province of Helmand in a friendly- fire air strike by a US gunship, reports said. The US air strike, which was part of a NATO mission to support Afghan forces against the Taliban, attacked the policemen as they were clearing Taliban militants from a village. n
A Chinese spy ship was spotted off the coast of Queensland during a joint war exercise between Australian and US forces, the Australian Defence Force ( ADF) said on Saturday. Adding that the spy ship remained outside Australia' s territorial waters and did not interfere with the operation, ADF said that the ship did enter the Australian Exclusive Economic Zone. 
On being asked during a question- and- answer session at a school what he plans to do after the presidency, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, " I have not decided yet if I will leave the presidency. " Putin served as President for two 4- year terms, from 2000 to 2008, and then began a 6- year term in 2012. Notably, Russia bans three consecutive presidential terms. 
Singer Shreya Ghoshal has said that people often underestimate the audience of our country as well as worldwide, by thinking that they do not understand art. " They are the reason art exists, " she added. Shreya further said every time she has sung from her heart and not thought about the commercial aspect, it has done really well for her. 
Akshay Kumar has said he does not want anybody to say he is only an action or a comedy hero. He added, " I want people to think. . . ye koi bhi role kar leta hai. " Akshay further said that in the first fourteen years of his career, he was typecast as an action hero and it was difficult to come out of that image. 
Actress Anushka Sharma has revealed that after watching Kareena Kapoor' s character Geet in 2007 film ' Jab We Met' , she felt she should act in films. Kareena won the Best Actress Award at both Filmfare and IIFA awards for her role in the film directed by Imtiaz Ali. Anushka made her Bollywood debut in 2008 film ' Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi' . 
Samajwadi Party leader Uma Shankar Chowdhary passed away after suffering a heart attack on Saturday during a party meeting in Uttar Pradesh. Chowdhary was rushed to a hospital where he died during treatment. Party President Akhilesh Yadav paid his condolences and said the demise of such a dedicated leader was a great loss to the socialist movement. 
The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet has appointed Sanjay Kothari, a 1978- batch IAS officer of Haryana cadre, as the Secretary to President- elect Ram Nath Kovind. The committee also declared Senior journalist Ashok Malik as Press Secretary to Kovind. The appointments have been cleared for an initial period of two years by the committee headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 
The Maharashtra government on Friday issued draft rules which will reportedly allow regularisation of most illegal constructions built before December 31, 2015, for a " compounding fee" . A senior official said, " Within six months of the rules coming into force, planning authorities will have to invite applications from owners and occupiers for consideration of cases for regularisation. " 
Industry body COAI has termed the launch of JioPhone at an " effective zero price" as a " clever marketing" position because the move will help the company save licence fee and other government levies. COAI Director General Rajan Mathews further termed the phone' s launch as " clearly a big win for Jio" that will put pressure on incumbent telecom operators. 
Singer Beyoncé' s wax statue at Madame Tussauds, New York has been modified after fans of the singer said it was ' too white' . Earlier, it appeared to be thinner and lighter- skinned than the singer is in real life. Madame Tussauds said in a statement that the statue was back on display after adjustments to " the styling and lighting of her figure" . 
Hollywood director Christopher Nolan has slammed video streaming service Netflix for not releasing its movies in cinemas. " Netflix has a bizarre aversion to supporting theatrical films. . . [ T] hey' re not even getting in the game, and I think they are missing a huge opportunity, " he added. Nolan further said Netflix is being used as a kind of way to shut down cinemas. 
Indian pacer Parvinder Awana, who has also represented Kings XI Punjab, was beaten up by a group of five unknown people in Greater Noida on Friday. The incident reportedly happened when Awana was crossing Greater Noida while returning from Haridwar, and the group thought that he was chasing them. The state police have started investigation into the assault. 
Nithari case accused, Moninder Singh Pandher and his domestic help Surinder Koli, were held guilty of the murder and attempted rape of a 20- year- old woman by a CBI court on Saturday. This is one of the several cases against the two, for the serial killings and sexual assaults of multiple women and minor girls at Pandher' s Nithari residence in 2006. 
The National Green Tribunal ( NGT) on Friday directed the Delhi Development Authority ( DDA) to submit an action plan for the restoration of Yamuna floodplains. This comes after an expert committee appointed by the NGT claimed that the ecology of over 420 acres of floodplains was adversely affected by the World Culture Festival organised in 2016 by the Art of Living. 
Indian shuttlers Parupalli Kashyap and HS Prannoy earned victories on Friday to enter the men' s singles semi- finals at the $ 120, 000 US Open Grand Prix Gold badminton in Anaheim. Prannoy will face Vietnamese veteran and 15th seed Tien Minh Nguyen, while Kashyap will play against South Korea' s Kwang Hee Heo. 
The Iraqi prison where the External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said the 39 missing Indians were last located, has reportedly been reduced to rubble with no signs of the citizens. A Congress leader then took a dig at Swaraj saying, " minister misled the nation that missing boys are lodged in a jail in Badush but. . . jail has been destroyed by ISIS. " 
Delhi civic bodies have decided to construct stack parking lots next to 10 Delhi Metro stations, with six such parking lots to be constructed in north Delhi, three in south Delhi and one in east Delhi. The parking facilities will reportedly be open to the visitors as well as the residents living in the neighbourhood areas. 
An FIR has been registered against AAP MLA Prakash Jarwal for molesting a 53- year- old woman following a quarrel. Jarwal has refuted the charges, alleging that the complaint was ' politically motivated' and the complainant was a BJP worker. Notably, a similar complaint was filed against Jarwal by a Sangam Vihar resident earlier. 
A report by the Comptroller and Auditor General of India has revealed three IITs made wasteful payments amounting to ? 18. 03 crore in FY 2015- 16. IIT- Roorkee spent ? 15. 06 crore for construction of sewer lines which was delayed by four years, besides paying ? 1. 33 crore service tax for services which were exempted. IIT- Madras paid ? 1. 05 crore avoidable penal charges on electricity consumption. 
The upcoming North America tour of rock band Linkin Park, which was scheduled to begin next week, has been cancelled after its lead vocalist Chester Bennington' s demise earlier this week. Bennington reportedly committed suicide at his California residence. Formed in 1996, Linkin Park have sold more than 70 million albums worldwide and won two Grammy Awards. 
A team of army men in civilian clothes allegedly beat up eight policemen who stopped them at a barricade while they were returning from Amarnath Yatra. Reportedly, injured policemen were hospitalised and an FIR was registered against the army men. Notably, no non- locals, including yatris, are allowed travel at night in light of the recent terror attacks. 
Delhi Metro' s non- executive staff on Friday staged a protest for increase in salary by sitting on various platforms with black bands around their arms. They reportedly threatened a " total shutdown" of services from Monday if their demands are not met. Protestors said that they were assured of increased grade pay in 2015, but nothing has been done so far. 
Experts who exhumed late artist Salvador Dalí' s body have revealed his moustache remains intact, nearly three decades after his death. Narcís Bardalet said, " His moustache is still intact, ( like clock hands at) 10 past 10, just as he liked it. " His body was exhumed to settle a paternity case, wherein a woman claimed her mother and Dali had an affair. 
Gautam Gambhir, who made 97 in the 2011 Men' s World Cup final, said that if Indian eves win the ongoing ICC Women' s World Cup it would be bigger than the 2011 title. " When we won in 2011 it was at home and we were the tournament favourites. . . [ T] he women won the semi- final against Australia in difficult conditions" , Gambhir added. 
The new airport project in Navi Mumbai will take away 250 hectares of forest land, of which 106 hectares is mangrove cover. Mangrove saplings have been planted across 160 hectares, as they play a crucial role in stabilising coastlines. Rehabilitation of 3, 000 families from 12 villages that will be vacated for the airport was also directed. 
RSS- BJP affiliated think tank Bharat Niti has reportedly planned to raise a dedicated unit of people that will protect and promote Hinduism online. The group has also planned a ' Hinduism and Social Media Conclave' in November, where they would discuss ways to promote Hinduism through " high- tech means" . Notably, Yogi Adityanath has been invited as the chief guest of the event. 
A Chattisgarh woman was allegedly duped of ? 3 lakh by her married lover and his wife. Her lover allegedly said he wanted to leave his " estranged" wife for her. She was asked to pay his wife ? 6 lakh to marry him and managed to pay ? 3 lakh before his wife told her to leave them alone as they were happy. 
IIT- Delhi saw a 30% increase in the number of female students for its undergraduate and masters courses, but there is severe shortage of rooms for them. As a temporary arrangement, several students have been accommodated in the building meant for associate professors. Reportedly, some students were asked to sleep on the mattress spread on floor due to unavailability of cots. n
Jude Sparks, a 10- year- old kid, accidentally discovered a rare 1. 2 million- year- old skull of a stegomastodon, a prehistoric ancestor of elephants, while hiking in the Las Cruces desert in New Mexico, US. " This may be only the second complete skull found in New Mexico" , said a University professor who is currently studying the fossil, which weighs about a tonne. 
Responding to Saif Ali Khan' s letter wherein he discussed nepotism and genetics, Kangana Ranaut wrote in her letter that she would be a farmer if Saif' s point on genetics was true. She added, " Are you implying that artistic skills, hard- work. . . can be inherited through genes? " Saif had written about people being interested in star kids and if they will have their parents' genes. 
A 35- year- old motorcyclist was injured on Friday as a ' manja' ( kite string) slit his throat on the Geeta Colony flyover in Delhi. The man was taken to a hospital where he was declared out of danger. Notably, the National Green Tribunal had recently banned " manufacture and use" of non- biodegradable ' manja' , saying it posed a life- threat to birds, animals and humans. 
North Delhi Municipal Corporation will reportedly start replacing 1. 15 lakh out of 2. 05 lakh existing streetlights with LED lights from next week onwards. Authorities said that the work will start from Narela and Rohini zones. Apart from checking the problem of dark spots, the project is also expected to save around 65% energy and ? 50 crore of the corporation annually. 
The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram on Thursday sealed 70 shops of a building in Sector 74 after the owners reportedly did not pay property tax. " Despite tax defaulters being issued multiple notices, many have failed to pay up. The sealing serves as a warning before the auctioning, " said an official. MCG is expected to auction over 500 properties from August 8. 
RBI has refused to deposit cash of over ? 200 crore in old notes from 31 district central cooperative banks in Maharashtra. RBI argued that the cooperative banks collected the notes after they were demonetised, but the banks claim they were collected before. The banks have decided to move court seeking direction to the RBI to accept the scrapped currency. 
Interpol has circulated a list of 173 Islamic State fighters it believes could carry out suicide attacks in Europe, in revenge for ISIS' military defeats. The list mentions suspects' identities, last likely address, mosques they prayed at, date ISIS recruited them and mothers' names. It is based on information captured during the offensive against ISIS in Iraq and Syria. 
A five- year- old girl was fined £ 150 ( ? 12, 500) for running a homemade lemonade stall in London last week, her father said. He said she cried after an enforcement officer " launched into a legalistic script" and accused her of trading without a licence after approaching them. The council later cancelled the fine, saying, " We expect our enforcement officers to show common sense. " n
Actress Prachi Desai said that casting in films is still based on whether the person is a big name or belongs to a famous family. She also said that people in the industry are not welcoming to outsiders. Prachi added, " I. . . turned down a couple of big films, because they. . . wanted me to do the same kind of thing again and again. " 
The Defence Research and Development Organisation has developed nutritious and protein- rich food for armed forces deployed in high- altitude and snowbound areas. Food items include chicken biscuits, protein- rich mutton bar, tulsi bar among others. Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said that after developing these products, technologies have been transferred to various industries for bulk production. 
CBI has filed a case against a Delhi- based company for using cheap China- made parts passed off as German- made in the production of indigenised Bofors guns used by the army. The CBI alleged that the company entered into criminal conspiracy with some officials to supply duplicate spare parts. Later tests found the bearings unacceptable due to deviations in dimensions. 
An unaccompanied 15- year- old boy was removed from an overbooked easyJet flight and left alone at a departure gate at London Gatwick Airport on Thursday. The child, Casper Read, was asked to leave after another passenger claimed his seat. EasyJet said the incident will be investigated, adding, " easyJet has a procedure to protect unaccompanied minors but unfortunately this was not followed. " 
An Emirates flight nearly collided with an Air Seychelles aircraft while descending to land in Mauritius. The Air Seychelles aircraft, which had just taken off and was running directly into the path of the Emirates flight, veered " sharply to the right" to avoid a collision. The incident was reportedly caused by Emirates crew members? incorrect report of the plane altitude. 
The Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG) has said that the Indian Army' s stock of 61 types of critical ammunition will last only for ten days of war. The stocks of just 20% of the armoury were found to be satisfactory. Notably, the Indian Army is required to hold ammunition enough to fight a short intense war of 20 days. 
University of Mumbai ( MU) hopes to declare the results of the examinations conducted this year between March and April by the second week of August, MU officials said. The university had adopted an on- screen assessment system which reportedly caused the delay, prompting protests. Several MU colleges have started post- graduate classes without the results being declared to avoid further delays. 
The government has said that India has less than 1 doctor for every 1, 000 people, which is less than the World Health Organisation standard. Around 8. 18 lakh doctors may be available for active service, giving a doctor- population ratio of 0. 62: 1000, the Minister of State for Health Anupriya Patel said. The WHO prescribes a ratio of 1: 1000. 
The Comptroller and Auditor General of India ( CAG) on Friday slammed the government over poor implementation of crop insurance schemes from 2011- 16, including the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana. The CAG pointed out that delays by states in releasing compensation to affected farmers defeated " the objective of providing timely financial assistance" , although the Centre released its share on time. 
Congress leader Ambika Soni on Friday announced that she is stepping down as the party' s General Secretary in- charge of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh, citing poor health as the reason. However, she will continue as the Member of Parliament for Congress in Rajya Sabha, and will also serve her additional responsibilities in the two states till new appointments are made. 
There has been a 60% shortfall in the release of central funds to Assam for flood management, according to a Comptroller and Auditor General report. The centre was supposed to release over ? 2, 000 crore between 2007- 08 and 2015- 16 but provided only ? 812 crore. It further added that the state government released only 16% of the allocated budget for flood management. 
The Deputy President of the UK Supreme Court, Brenda Hale, will be elevated to the position of the court' s President in October, making her the first female to head UK' s highest court. Hale, who joined the Supreme Court in 2009, will earn £ 225, 000 a year as the President. She had earlier served as a counsel to Queen Elizabeth. 
Students over- staying and not completing their course work caused the Film and Television Institute of India ( FTII) a loss of nearly ? 12 crore, the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG) said on Friday. The loss was caused by 212 students who continued to stay in hostels without paying the hostel fees after failing to complete the course. 
Air India is preparing a list of former employees suspected of siphoning off artwork, after several paintings from its collection were reported missing. An official said Air India lent its artwork to top executives but no one knew when the practice began. The move comes after a Jatin Das painting was returned anonymously to the airline in a damaged condition. 
Less than a week after being appointed Chief Superintendent of Bengaluru Central Prison, R Anita was transferred reportedly over her non- cooperation with DIG Roopa' s report on special treatment given to AIADMK Amma chief VK Sasikala. Anita who claimed that a senior official had directed her not to share CCTV footage from the jail, later shared an edited copy, reports said. 
Kerala Congress MLA M Vincent on Thursday was booked on charges of stalking, rape and abetment of suicide by police officials. The case was registered based on the statement of a 51- year- old woman who attempted suicide after being allegedly sexually harassed by the MLA. The victim is currently undergoing treatment at a private hospital. 
Bihar' s Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University on Thursday lodged an FIR, against former Delhi Law Minister Jitendra Singh Tomar, over his fake law degree. The FIR was filed about four months after the university cancelled Tomar' s degree. An enquiry held by the university in 2016 had found that Tomar had fraudulently procured a law degree from the university. 
The government has said digital transactions worth ? 12, 000 crore were carried out every year and added that fraudulent transactions among these were low. Adding that digital payments will be made more secure, Minister for Electronics and Information Technology Ravi Shankar Prasad said the number of fraudulent transactions was between 0. 005% and 0. 007% for March, April, and May 2017. 
Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh has ordered an inquiry into alleged disappearance of 98 Johnnie Walker scotch bottles from Punjab State Drug Food and Chemical Testing Laboratory. The bottles were deposited with the lab as samples of liquor seized by state police. The incident came to light when a raid was carried out following complaints of irregularities at the lab. 
US President Donald Trump has reportedly consulted his advisers on how he can pardon himself, his family and his aides if they face legal action as part of the ongoing Russia probe. The probe is being led by former FBI Director Robert Mueller who vowed that his highest priority would be " to restore the public' s confidence in the FBI" . 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the Income Tax department has detected over ? 19, 000 crore in black money following investigations into global leaks including Panama papers and HSBC account holders in Switzerland. He further said that the government has commissioned a study on estimation of unaccounted income and wealth inside and outside the country. 
Music composer- singer Pritam has said he would want to auction a guitar gifted to him by Shah Rukh Khan for charity. SRK wrote on Instagram that he gifted it to Pritam before Jab Harry Met Sejal' s shooting and Pritam gifted him the film' s " beautiful music" in return. " To pass on the goodness, I would put this on auction for charity, " commented Pritam. 
RJ Malishka, following the criticism by Yuva Sena leaders on her pothole song, tweeted that she has composed six more songs. The leaders wanted Mumbai' s civic body BMC to file a ? 500 crore defamation case against her for maligning the civic body' s image. BMC also sent a notice to Malishka' s mother over breeding of dengue mosquitoes at her Mumbai home. 
Randhir Kapoor, while commenting on people who troll his daughter Kareena over her parenting style, has asked who are they to interfere in her life. " [ S] he has to go and work out to stay in shape, or else she will get trolled for that too, " he added. Randhir further said Kareena will continue working even though she has a baby now. 
Insurance giant Swiss Re is preparing an insurance policy for the Mesoamerican Reef in Mexico to prevent its further deterioration, reports said. Under the scheme, which is reportedly the first for a natural structure, the premiums will be paid by hotels and government, and money to pay for the repair of the reef will be released if a storm strikes. n
Former National Football League player and actor OJ Simpson has been granted parole after serving nearly nine years in prison and may be released in October this year. His sentence was scheduled to end in September 2022. Simpson was sentenced for allegedly leading a group of men into a Las Vegas hotel in 2007 to steal sports memorabilia at gunpoint. 
Zain Ali, an ex- contestant on music reality show Sa Re Ga Ma Pa, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his friend' s home in Sheikhupura, Pakistan on Friday. He was reportedly found lying unconscious in the bathroom of the house. Zain' s brother revealed he had a history of drug addiction but denied that an overdose could have been the cause. 
' Lipstick Under My Burkha' director Alankrita Shrivastava has said the censors have a problem with female point of view, while adding, " They' re. . . not comfortable with something that questions. . . the status quo. " She also said that the male perspective which dominates popular culture, has led to discrimination against women and " makes stalking seem like love, makes harassment. . . abuse of women okay" . 
Actress Diana Penty has said that it is human nature to forget people who are not in the limelight, while adding that this has never bothered her. Diana further said, " It' s my life and I prefer choosing my path. . . I do not think about who has done what. " She has acted in the films ' Cocktail' and ' Happy Bhag Jayegi' . 
South Africa' s ODI captain AB de Villiers and his wife Danielle became parents for the second time after the birth of their son, John Richard de Villiers, on July 17. " My wife' s the most amazing woman and once again showed incredible courage and strength through all of this, " wrote the 33- year- old. Their first son, Abraham, was born in 2015. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said that the financial year may soon begin from January in sync with the calendar year. " The matter of changing financial year is under consideration of the government, " he told the Lok Sabha. In May, Madhya Pradesh became India' s first state to shift its financial year format to January- December from the present April- March cycle. 
Swiss tennis player Roger Federer, who recently won his 19th Grand Slam title at the Wimbledon, has said it would be a " joke" if he wins a third Slam this year at US Open. " I' m not 25 anymore. I am not sure I can win three Slams. . . Winning two is already pretty crazy and plenty good enough for me, " said the 35- year- old. 
Rape victim' s biological age and not mental age will determine whether trial of the case will be held under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, the Supreme Court ruled on Friday. This came in response to a PIL filed by the mother of a 38- year- old victim suffering from Cerebral Palsy, leaving her with mental age of a six- year- old. 
Actor- filmmaker Arbaaz Khan has tweeted that Sabbir Khan, who directed the Tiger Shroff starrer ' Munna Michael' , was never approached to direct or write ' Dabangg 3' . Arbaaz further wrote that Sabbir' s statement to an English daily was " untrue and rubbish" . Sabbir had earlier said that he was happy to be one of directors selected to work on Dabangg 3' s final script. 
Tiger Shroff and Nawazuddin Siddiqui starrer ' Munna Michael' , which released on Friday, is " a film where everybody would look disinterested and jump on a chance to break into a song, " wrote HT. NDTV called it " a mixed- genre monstrosity that never hits any kind of rhythm, " while Koimoi wrote, " The script. . . lacks purpose" . It was rated 1/ 5 ( HT) and 1. 5/ 5 ( NDTV, Koimoi) . 
The Chinese government has banned singer Justin Bieber from performing in the country as he has " engaged in a series of bad behaviours, both in his social life and during a previous performance in China" . Bieber will perform in Asia later this year, with concerts scheduled in countries like Indonesia, Japan and Singapore, as part of his Purpose World Tour. 
Actress Richa Chadha will make her debut on television as a judge on ' Queens of Comedy' , a talent hunt show for female comedians. Other judges on the panel include Rohan Joshi from AIB and female stand- up comedian Kaneez Surka. The winner will get her own show on the television channel TLC India. 
Actor Will Smith' s wife Jada Pinkett Smith, while speaking about her relationship with late rapper Tupac Shakur revealed that when she first met him she was a drug dealer. " It' s kinda hard because I have not really told the whole story, " she added. Further, talking about her marriage with Will, she said, " [ W] e love being a family. . . that' s what gets us through" . 
Akshay Kumar, who is currently babysitting his daughter Nitara while shooting ' Gold' , has said his respect for wife Twinkle Khanna has increased. " I have to confess that minding a little girl is a tough job, " he added. Akshay further said, " I do not know how she writes, designs, looks after our children and still manages to stay calm on most days" . 
Punjab Director General of Police ( DGP) Suresh Arora has said that the state police will increase presence on social media to tackle the hate spread online. " Police will set up own Facebook and other social media handles to nullify all such rumours. Some forces sitting in foreign countries are trying to vitiate the communal atmosphere of the state, " he added. 
Pro- Kannada group Karnataka Rakshana Vedike ( KRV) protested in front of the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike ( BBMP) demanding the removal of all the Hindi signboards in the city. Further stating that over 70% sign boards in the state should be in Kannada, the group threatened to blacken the Hindi boards if their demands were not met. 
A man threw his three- year- old daughter in a canal in Haryana' s Faridabad to become a ' tantrik' , the police claimed. While the man claimed that his daughter went missing on July 11 and filed a kidnapping complaint, the truth was later revealed when police scanned CCTV footage of the area. The man confessed to his crime after the police confronted him. 
A 95- year- old widow of an Indian Air Force pilot, who died in a plane crash in 1962, waited 55 years to get the due special pension. In 2004, her appeal got rejected, saying her husband had already availed the insurance benefits. A military court finally gave her the special pension, which is for widows of officers who died on duty. 
A group of locals and Kanwarias allegedly set on fire a motorcycle owned by an unidentified man after it hit their Kanwar procession in Gurugram' s Sohna on Thursday. The Kanwarias alleged that three youths on a bike intentionally hit them and escaped soon after. The police, however, maintained that it was a minor accident and are probing the matter. 
Following the alleged suicide of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington, posts from his wife Talinda Bennington' s verified Twitter account, which was reportedly hacked, claimed she had been cheating on her husband with his bandmate Mike Shinoda. One of the tweets read, " He did not kill himself, he was already ( dead) . . . I have proof" . The series of tweets have now been deleted. 
Saif Ali Khan, in an open letter, said he called Kangana Ranaut and apologised personally for taking a dig at her during the ' nepotism rocks' act at IIFA 2017. " I do not owe anybody else an explanation. The issue is over, " he added. Talking about nepotism, Saif further wrote, " It' s the audience that makes a film a hit, not. . . family members" . 
Director Christopher Nolan' s film Dunkirk which released on Friday, " is one of the greatest war movies ever made, " wrote Hindustan Times. The Guardian wrote, " It' s a visceral piece of film- making, " while Times of India called it " the first real contender for Best Picture" at Oscars. The film has been rated 5/ 5 ( Hindustan Times, The Guardian) and 4. 5/ 5 ( Times Of India) . 
Delhi High Court gave the Home Ministry six weeks to comply with the 2014 judgment, in which the court found BJP and Congress defying the norms of the Foreign Contribution ( Regulation) Act. The Act prohibits political parties or legislator from accepting foreign contributions. In 2014, the court had directed the ministry and Election Commission to take action within six months. 
A painting which went missing from Air India' s archives, was recently delivered to the airline' s head office via post. The package did not mention the sender' s name and had the painting made by Jatin Das for Air India, in a rolled up and damaged condition. The address registered by the sender was found to be a fake one in Gurugram. 
The Gujarat government has decided to celebrate the ' World Heritage City' status granted to Ahmedabad by UNESCO for a fortnight. The programme, starting on August 1, will include heritage walks, cultural events, lectures and seminars about the 600- year- old city. Further, all flights to Gujarat will serve Gujarati cuisine to passengers during the 2- week- long celebration. 
A 37- year- old patient played the guitar while undergoing a seven- hour brain surgery at a private hospital in Bengaluru. The patient was suffering from Musician' s Dystonia, a neurological muscle disorder causing involuntary muscle contractions. He played the guitar to help doctors target the problem area, as he suffered from the condition only while playing the guitar. 
Careem, an app- based taxi service in Pakistan, on Wednesday offered passengers a chance to share their ride with a " rishta aunty" or marriage matchmaker. Careem said, " people can tell the aunty their preferences and the aunty will later get in touch with them with a suitable rishta. " It earlier launched " Careem Doctor, " offering to bring medical professionals to users' doorsteps. 
Nisheeth Jha, husband of ' Jagga Jasoos' actress Bidisha Bezbaruah who allegedly committed suicide earlier this week, has been sent to 14 days in judicial custody. This comes after his arrest on charges of abetment of suicide, after Bidisha' s father accused him of having an extra- marital affair. The police said that Jha admitted to being in a relationship with another woman. 
In addition to four BJP MLAs, two AAP MLAs from the 70- member Delhi Vidhan Sabha also voted for the NDA backed presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind, who won the polls on Thursday. Prior to the polls, AAP had announced support to the opposition' s candidate Meira Kumar. The two MLAs who cross- voted are suspected to be among the few suspended legislators. 
BSF will be supplied with capsicum- based teargas in spray can and shell forms to quell the mob in deteriorating law and order situation anywhere in the country. The bio- friendly, non- lethal ammunition is being introduced after security forces in Kashmir did not find Pelargonic Acid Vanillyl Amide shells very effective. About 50, 000 shells will be produced initially, followed by need- based orders. 
BJP General Secretary Bhupender Yadav said there were 116 people who had not openly pledged their support for NDA Presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind but voted for him. Cross- voting was reported in West Bengal where the Trinamool Congress is in power, and in UP, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, and Goa. Kovind secured 2, 930 votes as against 1, 844 by Opposition' s candidate. 
As the Supreme Court ( SC) was hearing a petition against mob lynching in the name of cow protection on Friday, the Centre told the SC that it does not support any kind of vigilantism. It added that the law and order is a state issue and the Central government does not have any role in it. 
Elected India' s 14th President, Ram Nath Kovind will be the first President from Uttar Pradesh, and the second Dalit President after KR Narayanan. He has practised as an advocate in the Delhi High Court and Supreme Court. He has also been a Rajya Sabha member and BJP' s SC cell President. He resigned as Bihar Governor to fight the Presidential polls. 
' Lipstick Under My Burkha' , which released on Friday, is " worth the hype. . . a must watch" , wrote The Quint. Hindustan Times wrote the film is not " an all- out- war against patriarchy" but " a subdued conversation starter" . Mid- Day wrote, " It' s a thoroughly entertaining film on a society at the cusp of major change" . It was rated 4. 5/ 5 ( The Quint) , 4/ 5 ( Mid- Day) and 3. 5/ 5 ( HT) . 
Gujarat High Court has put an interim stay on criminal proceedings against Shah Rukh Khan for his alleged involvement in triggering a stampede at the Vadodara railway station during promotions for Raees. During the stampede, a man had died of heart attack. The High Court has fixed September 25 as the next date to hear the actor' s plea. 
Actress Sunny Leone and her husband Daniel Weber have adopted a baby girl from Latur, Maharashtra. Daniel said that they decided to retain their 21- month- old daughter' s name as Nisha as she had already been given the name. Sunny said it did not matter whether Nisha was their biological child while adding, " For us, it was about starting a family. " 
A bag used by US astronaut Neil Armstrong to bring moon dust samples back to Earth was sold for $ 1. 8 million ( ? 11. 58 crore) at an auction in New York on Thursday. After the Apollo 11 mission, the bag was stolen from Houston' s Johnson Space Center before being found years later. The bag reportedly still contains traces of moon dust. 
Nearly 2 kg of a morphine mixture was found in the catering trolley of a Chennai- Delhi Air India flight after it landed in Delhi on Wednesday, an airline spokesperson said. A catering supervisor noticed two packets hidden beneath the cutlery, following which the Narcotics Control Bureau was informed. Meanwhile, officials said only employees and cabin crew have access to trolleys. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath rejected 85- year- old ' Metro Man' E Sreedharan' s resignation as the state' s metro advisor, and handed him three more projects. The first phase of the Lucknow metro is ready, while plans for Varanasi have been made. " The UP CM now wants metros in Agra and Meerut too, along with Kanpur, " Sreedharan said. 
A Mizoram Congress MLA showed an increase of 2, 406% in his assets after being the MLA for five years. In 2008, Lalrobiaka had shown his movable and immovable assets at ? 5. 81 lakh, while in 2013, he showed his assets at ? 1. 4 crore. The legislator called it a ' misunderstanding' , saying he did not include details of his ? 1 crore residence in 2008. 
A clash of national cultures threatens to make the Air France- KLM alliance unmanageable, a leaked company report says. Air France staff accuse their KLM counterparts of thinking " only of money" and considering themselves " super cool, " while KML staff claim Air France employees are aloof. Air France- KLM CEO Jean- Marc Janaillac said there is a " will to find solutions" to the matter. 
The North Delhi Municipal Corporation on Thursday approved the redevelopment of the 150- year- old Town Hall at Chandni Chowk in Old Delhi through public- private partnership after a ? 50- crore Centre- funded restoration plan was shelved. The redeveloped complex will feature a craft bazaar, fountain, maze, boutique hotel, food court, sculpture garden, lecture rooms, museum and fine dining areas. 
Astronaut Neil Armstrong, who became the first man ever to walk on the moon on July 21, 1969, could not afford life insurance before embarking on the mission. Armstrong and other members of the crew autographed envelopes emblazoned with Apollo 11 crew emblem, which they hoped could provide financial support to their families in the event of their demise. 
Saudi Arabia' s King Salman on Wednesday ordered the arrest of junior Prince Saud bin Musa' id after videos purportedly showing him assaulting two men and pointing a rifle at another emerged online. King Salman also urged citizens to monitor the abuse of power. Notably, one of the videos shows 18 bottles of whisky even though Saudi Arabia forbids alcohol consumption. 
A man was arrested at the Chennai airport last week allegedly for receiving an audio message seen as anti- national, on his phone. The man was released on Monday after a judge told the police that a random message on a phone was not a sign of anti- national activities. It does not warrant arresting someone on charges of sedition, the court added. 
Madhya Pradesh Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has announced compensation of ? 1 crore to the families of security personnel from the state who are killed in the line of duty. " We will provide them a house, a job to a family member, erect a statue of the martyr and name a road after him/ her, ? Chouhan added. 
US President Donald Trump has reportedly decided to stop the CIA' s covert program in Syria to train rebel groups fighting Syrian President Bashar al- Assad. The program that began in 2013 produced little success and is " a signal to Putin that the ( Trump) administration wants to improve ties to Russia? , officials said. Russia has supported Assad' s government against fighting Islamist extremists. 
Tomatoes worth ? 70, 000 were stolen from a vegetable market in Mumbai after a shopkeeper left the crates outside his shop. He reportedly feared that rats might eat the stock if the tomatoes were kept inside. Police officials probing the theft said there is no CCTV footage and added that they are questioning coolies and other vegetable vendors. 
Bhiku Daji Bhilare, who claimed to have saved Gandhi from an earlier assassination attempt by Nathuram Godse in 1944, passed away on Wednesday at the age of 98. According to Mahatma Gandhi' s great grandson' s book, there were four attempts on Gandhi' s life before Godse killed him in 1948. Bhilare reportedly foiled the second attack in Panchgani by overpowering Godse. 
Two men died on Wednesday after falling off moving trains in two separate incidents in Mumbai' s Vashi. In the first incident, a 19- year- old man fell off while travelling in a train near the Mankhurd station. In the second instance, a 40- year- old succumbed to injuries after he fell down while trying to board a crowded train at the Kopar Khairane station. 
Organs retrieved from a 32- year- old brain- dead man, who was admitted to a Mumbai hospital after multiple injuries, saved lives of four end- stage organ failure patients. The man' s heart, liver, kidneys, eyes, and skin were donated. While the deceased' s heart was transplanted into a 56- year- old man, his liver and kidney were transplanted into two patients. 
As many 217 Maharashtra farmers committed suicide in June, bringing the total farmer suicides in the state over the last six months to 1, 327. The Vidarbha region recorded the highest number of suicides in Maharashtra, with 629 farmers committing suicide in the past six months. Notably, the state had announced a complete loan waiver for small farmers on June 11. 
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) has claimed to have destroyed over 10, 000 mosquito breeding grounds across the city in the last six months. A BMC report revealed that over 62 lakh houses were checked for mosquito breeding and ? 20 lakh was collected as fine from residents for not adhering to safety standards. 
The New Delhi Municipal Council ( NDMC) has sought an eviction order against the Le Meridien hotel. This comes after NDMC cancelled Le Meridien' s licence in March this year over non- payment of license fees amounting to ? 523 crore that have accumulated over 30 years. Earlier, NDMC had ordered action against four officials over alleged irregularities in the recovery of dues. 
In a first, Ghaziabad district administration has set up a women- only Kanwar camp in Modinagar. The camp can accommodate 20 pilgrims and has facilities like toilets, baths, and changing rooms to ensure privacy for the women pilgrims. The camp also has medical facilities and women constables are deployed to ensure the security of the women pilgrims. 
The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram ( MCG) has announced plans to auction 20 out of 519 sealed properties of property tax defaulters in the city next month. This comes after MCG offered a rebate and interest waivers on tax dues until July 15. Notably, the MCG has collected over ? 400 crore property tax this year, compared to ? 387 crore last year. 
Sudhir Makkar, popularly known as ' Golden Baba' , wears over 14 kg of gold, including 21 gold chains, 21 lockets of deities, armlets and sometimes a gold jacket, on the Kanwar Yatra. He also wears a ? 27- lakh Rolex watch and is accompanied by 18 bouncers and eight security officers in his 16- car caravan during the yatra. 
An employees union of retired Air India personnel on Wednesday termed the airline' s privatisation as " unpatriotic" and " illogical" in a letter to the Civil Aviation Ministry. The union said the decision is taken in haste, at a time when the airline is on the verge of becoming profitable. It also proposed that the government waive Air India' s ? 52, 000- crore debt. 
Singer Ed Sheeran revealed that he did not quit Twitter after being slammed for his cameo in the seventh season of HBO television series Game of Thrones. " I' m in Game of Thrones, why the hell would I worry what people thought about that. . . timing was just a coincidence, but believe what you want, " wrote Sheeran in an Instagram post. 
Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman PJ Kurien on Thursday said airlines have no authority to impose a flying ban on anybody, including parliamentarians. The remark came in response to the issue raised by MP Naresh Agrawal about the recent bans on parliamentarians. If any MP does something against the law, the law of the land should take its course, Kurien added. 
Passengers flying to and from Delhi' s Indira Gandhi International ( IGI) Airport can claim a refund of excess airport charges paid as part of their airfare for travel after July 7, according to reports. This comes after a recent tariff order slashing User Development Fee ( UDF) for domestic passengers to ? 10 from ? 275- 550, and to ? 45 for international passengers from ? 635- 1, 270. 
Uttar Pradesh Police on Wednesday asked local vendors and restaurant owners in Greater Noida not to prepare or serve non- vegetarian food for a week during the period of Kanwar Yatra. Reportedly, the police have taken this decision because the number of pilgrims returning from Haridwar has increased this year and they only prefer vegetarian food. 
Journalists were barred access to the wife of recently deceased Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo by Chinese agents. Earlier, Chinese authorities had said Liu Xia, who has been under effective house arrest since her husband won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010, was free to leave the country if she wishes. Xiaobo died of liver cancer earlier this month. 
A 12- year- old girl was mowed down by an Army vehicle in south Kashmir' s Shopian on Thursday, the police said. " Aroofa Farooq. . . was hit and injured by an Army vehicle near her residence this morning, " an official said. Protests erupted in the area after she succumbed to her injuries after being taken to a hospital. 
Singer Madonna has halted the auction of her personal items, including a pair of underwear and some private letters as a judge ruled in her favour. " The fact that I may have attained celebrity status as a result of success in my career does not obviate my right to maintain my privacy, " said Madonna. 
Indian shuttler Parupalli Kashyap knocked out top seed Lee Hyun Il in the men' s singles opening round of the US Open Grand Prix Gold badminton tournament in Anaheim on Wednesday. Kashyap defeated the world rank 15, 21- 16, 10- 21, 21- 19, in a match that lasted for an hour and three minutes. Kashyap next faces Hungary' s Gergely Krausz. 
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation ( SDMC) has reportedly authorised its health and sanitation officials to fine people defecating in the open. Violators will be fined on the spot and the fine amount has been fixed at ? 50. " Besides issuing challans, we will educate such people with the help of NGOs, " SDMC Commissioner Puneet Goel said. 
NDA' s presidential candidate and former Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind was elected India' s 14th President on Thursday. He secured a vote value of 7, 02, 044, over 65% of the total 10, 98, 882. He defeated the Congress- led Opposition candidate Meira Kumar, who managed to get a vote value of 3, 67, 314. Kovind is India' s second Dalit President, after KR Narayanan. 
Filmmaker Shyam Benegal said the media should question Information and Broadcasting ( I& B) Minister Smriti Irani on what happened to the report submitted by the special committee, which he heads, for reforming the Censor Board. Benegal added, " Why have not they taken any action on the proposed changes? " The report had suggested that board should not impose censoring but only certify movies. 
The Rashtrapati Bhavan, the residence of India' s President, took 17 years to finish building, and was earlier the Viceroy' s House. The complex has a total of 340 rooms, spread over four floors, and an area of 2, 00, 000 square feet. A part of the complex are the Mughal Gardens, one of the world' s best rose gardens with over 150 varieties. 
Television actor Karan Wahi has slammed the serial Pehredaar Piya Ki, which shows a 9- year- old boy marrying an adult woman, who is said to be his ' bodyguard' . Wahi wrote in a Facebook post, " Don' t sell me stupidity in the name of content which gives TRP because honestly no one is watching this. " He added, " We can be better than this. " 
DLF Place Mall in Delhi' s Saket on Wednesday reportedly denied entry to children from Maharashtra who are here to participate in a farmers' protest. An organisation had taken the children to the mall for a visit but authorities initially refused entry saying they needed " special permission" . The group included several children whose parents had committed suicide due to agricultural crisis. 
After the police detected illegal sand mining along Yamuna in Greater Noida, the District Magistrate of Noida said that the authorities are planning to start night patrolling along the river to curb the menace. Noting that sand mining takes place mostly at night, the Magistrate instructed the Subdivisional Magistrates to make a list of defaulting sand miners under their jurisdiction. 
The Maharashtra government is planning to invite global tenders for purchasing a chopper for the VIPs of the state. It comes after the CM had survived a chopper crash in May, following which, private agencies were suspended from flying VIPs of the state. A government official said that the chopper is likely to be a modern Sikorsky S76 or Bell. 
Noida authority officials on Monday demolished around thirty makeshift shops near Sector 78 after residents demanded for removal of ' illegal encroachments' . This comes after over 300 protestors, mostly domestic helps, gathered outside a housing complex last week, alleging that one of its residents had assaulted a domestic help. Noida authority has however claimed that it was a routine demolition. 
India' s first Food Truck Park has opened in Bandra, Mumbai. The 5, 000 sq foot Mumbai Food Truck Park houses the Bombay Food Truck Company, Hungry JD' s, Mumbai Fusion, Pettoos, The Waffle Truck and Scoopalicious. The Mumbai Food Truck Park will stay open all- year from 12 pm to 10 pm. 
The US has ended a four- month ban on flyers carrying laptops on US- bound flights from airports in North Africa and the Middle East. Last month, officials announced new security requirements for all airlines rather than an extension of the laptop ban. The UK continues to enforce a similar electronics ban on flights from several Middle Eastern airports. 
Kangana Ranaut got injured on the sets of Manikarnika- The Queen Of Jhansi after being accidentally struck by a prop sword on her forehead. She reportedly received 15 stitches on her forehead on being hospitalised. Kangana said, " I am a bit embarrassed to be thrilled to have a battle scar on my face. . . I got a. . . glimpse of the Queen' s life. " 
Union Minister Jayant Sinha on Thursday said Air India, along with its subsidiaries Air India Express and Alliance Air, recorded the maximum number of safety violations in the last three years at 185. It was followed by Jet Airways and SpiceJet, which recorded 154 and 142 instances of safety violations respectively. Meanwhile, IndiGo recorded only three cases of safety violations. 
The Haryana government has given ? 5 lakh to Jolly LLB 2 actor Sitaram Panchal who is suffering from cancer. Filmmaker Ashwini Chaudhary, who had approached Haryana government, thanked the authorities, while adding, " Other members of the industry are also coming forward to help. " Also known for films like Paan Singh Tomar and Peepli ( Live) , Sitaram sought financial help on Facebook. 
A doctor, allegedly abducted on July 6 from Delhi by an Ola cab driver, was rescued on Wednesday from Meerut after a shootout between a joint team of Delhi Police and UP Special Task Force and the kidnappers. Reportedly, three men helped the driver in the kidnapping and demanded ? 5 crore as ransom from Ola instead of the doctor' s family. 
Delhi village Kadipur has free WiFi with 24- hour connectivity but lacks basic civic amenities like regular water supply. The village, which was adopted by BJP MP Manoj Tiwari in 2014, also faces issues like broken roads and choked drains. " It would have been better if the government fixed this ( water supply) instead of spending on internet connectivity, " a resident said. 
Following her failed dope test, India' s top- ranked female shot putter Manpreet Kaur has been suspended by the Athletics Federation and is set to lose her gold medal which she won at the 22nd Asian Athletics Championships. Kaur will also miss next month' s World Championships for which she had qualified for by winning the Asian Athletics Championships gold medal. 
The Pakistan military said in a statement on Wednesday that firing by the Indian side claimed lives of a soldier and two civilians. It added that seven others, including two soldiers, were injured in the firing across the Line of Control ( LoC) . Further, it said that the attack was unprovoked, leading to their forces returning fire. 
The counting of votes in the Presidential election takes place under the supervision of the Returning Officer. The invalid votes, ones which are not cast in the prescribed format, are removed first. The ballot box of the Parliament House is opened first, while those of the states follow next, in an alphabetical order. There are total eight rounds of counting. 
Parliament on Wednesday was informed that about 210 official websites of central and state governments publicly display personal details, including the Aadhaar number, of the beneficiaries under various schemes. MoS for IT PP Chaudhary said that UIDAI has taken note of the problem and has been monitoring the status regularly to get the Aadhaar data removed from the said websites. 
The children of farmers from states like Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra who committed suicide due to farm debts have joined the protest at Jantar Mantar in Delhi. The children are demanding a waiver of loans and financial help for the families of the farmers. They also staged a street play showing the family' s plight after a farmer commits suicide. 
Almost two years after eight- year- old Zion Harvey from the US became the first- ever child to receive a double hand transplant, the doctors involved have declared the operation successful. The kid had both his hands and feet amputated aged two due to sepsis infection. He underwent eight rejections of hands after the surgery, but they were reversed using immunosuppression drugs. 
After the British public voted to name a polar research vessel Boaty McBoatface, Sweden has voted to name a train Trainy McTrainface. Trainy McTrainface received 49% of the votes, beating options like Poseidon and Miriam. Swedes have previously named trains Estelle, after the five- year- old Swedish Princess, and Glenn, after a long- running joke that everyone in Gothenburg city is named Glenn. 
The Delhi Development Authority ( DDA) has cleared a proposal to revamp the Basant Lok market complex in Delhi. The new project will include extra parking, more toilets, an amphitheatre, upgraded buildings, and electrical and fire- fighting mechanisms among other facilities. The authority has allocated ? 10 crore for the project which is expected to start in the next three months. 
After replacing Anil Kumble as the Indian cricket team' s head coach, Ravi Shastri said " Shastris and Kumbles will come and go" , but fabric of the team remains. " I' ve matured a lot in the last two weeks. . . I do not come with any baggage. The team has done exceedingly well in the last three years, they are the people who deserve credit, " said Shastri. 
Assam' s lone African white rhino, Mohan died at the age of 47 in the zoo on Tuesday. The zoo officials failed to find him a female partner in over four decades of his stay. Mohan, who was brought from US in 1974, often suffered from mood swings and exhibited violent tendencies which officials attributed to his " frustration over sexual inactivity" . 
Minister of State for Home Affairs Hansraj Ahir said on Wednesday that the government is not considering a separate law to tackle mob lynching incidents, in response to Congress leader Digvijaya Singh' s question in the Rajya Sabha. " The state governments can take action against person or persons involved in such incidents under existing laws, " he added. 
India has told the UK that the jails in India are no less than the ones in European nations, and extradited individuals will be lodged in proper jails. The statement comes after Vijay Mallya challenged India' s extradition move saying Indian jails are " below standard" . Further, Maharashtra has been instructed to improve the Arthur Road jail, where Mallya will be lodged. 
An Indian- origin man, who studied in Gujarat until he was 13, has become UK' s youngest ever doctor. Arpan Doshi got accepted for a medical course when he was 17 and graduated at the age of 21 years and 335 days. Doshi, who is due to start work next month, beat the previous record by 17 days. 
Five people have been booked by the Navi Mumbai police for allegedly stopping a tempo carrying meat. The driver reportedly had a certificate to show that it was buffalo meat being transported legally but the five accused claimed they were journalists and insisted he pay a fine and destroy the consignment. Police tested and confirmed that it was buffalo meat. 
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP) has decided to recruit 5, 000 ' religious soldiers' in Uttar Pradesh' s Aligarh district, to control cow smuggling and love jihad in the region. Only Bajrang Dal activists who have completed bravery training will be eligible for the post, recruitment for which will start in September. They will also protect " Hindu boys and girls, maths and temples" . 
A former Chinese diplomat, Liu Youfa, told Chinese state media that India has three possibilities, they can pull out voluntarily, can be captured, or if the dispute escalates, can get killed. " The Chinese side is standing there waiting for India to make a sensible choice, which is the first scenario ( withdrawal of troops) , " Youfa added. 
The Supreme Court on Wednesday observed that the right to privacy is not absolute and the state may put reasonable restrictions on it. Privacy is an " amorphous" term and defining it would be impossible, the court added. It further referred to the issue of data protection and said that its ambit was " much wider" than the right to privacy. 
Doctors of a medical institute in Jharkhand operated on the right kidney of a patient when the stones were detected in the left one. After the patient' s husband pointed out the mistake to the doctors, they assured him of treatment in a private hospital but later asked them to leave. The Urology department' s head blamed junior doctors for the mistake. 
The National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) has approved Delhi- Panipat and Delhi- Alwar Regional Rapid Transit Systems projects worth ? 53, 500 crore. A ground survey for aligning the projects has already been done and building them along national highways would reportedly reduce time and cost. The NHAI also agreed to take up a project to decongest Delhi by connecting three national highways. 
Apollo Hospitals on Tuesday said that there was " no interference" in the medical treatment given to former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and that they are ready to face any probe. This comes after several political parties have demanded a detailed probe into the treatment given to Jayalalithaa and the circumstances that led to her hospitalisation. 
An RTI reply has revealed that AIADMK leader Sasikala was allowed 23 prison visits over the past 4 months, instead of the stipulated eight, according to reports. This is allegedly in violation of the prison rules which state that convicts can be allowed only one visit in a fortnight. Sasikala met around 48 visitors during these visits, the reports added. 
The J& K government has spent nearly ? 2, 000 crore during the financial year 2015- 2016 in " violation of budgetary provisions" , a Comptroller and Auditor General report said. According to the budget manual, no expenditure should be incurred on a scheme or service without a budgetary provision. The Social Welfare department spent nearly ? 534 crore, the highest without budgetary provision. 
A mob of around 3, 000 people on Wednesday set a police station in Shimla on fire after a rape accused was murdered in police custody. The accused, Suraj Singh, was allegedly murdered by a co- accused in the gangrape following a scuffle. The two suspects fought after Singh reportedly blamed the entire incident on the co- accused. 
After efforts to repeal and replace Barack Obama' s Affordable Care Act collapsed, US President Donald Trump has said that Republicans should " let Obamacare fail" . " I think we are probably in that position where we will let Obamacare fail. We' re not going to own it. I am not going to own it, " Trump added. Notably, around 2 crore people gained health coverage under Obamacare. 
Former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar has said he and Wimbledon champion Roger Federer connect over PlayStation. " Roger follows cricket. . . When he is playing video games, he prefers Sachin and when I am playing any racquet game, I prefer to be Roger, " said Sachin. The cricketer was present at the semi- final, where Federer defeated Tomá? Berdych to reach his 11th Wimbledon final. 
BCCI intervened and cut short Indian captain Virat Kohli' s first official media interaction after the appointment of Ravi Shastri as the team' s head coach. The media interaction, which was the last before the team left for the Sri Lanka tour on Wednesday, was supposed to be 15 minutes long but was cut short to 10 minutes. 
Gang members in New Zealand are reportedly planning to organise a ' fight club' involving boxing matches between rival gangs that leaders hope will present a way to vent tension. The organisers claimed that a series of killings in Northland last year had escalated gang tensions. Notably, 80% of violence in the region is related to disputes over drugs. 
The Russian state consumer watchdog has warned that fidget spinners are harmfully addictive to children and that they could make people vulnerable to messages of the political opposition. Claiming that using spinners could manipulate people, officials observed that " it is not by chance that they have started selling spinners" at opposition rallies. 
The US on Wednesday listed Pakistan among a list of nations providing " safe havens" to terrorists and said groups like Lashkar- e- Taiba and Jaish- e- Mohammed continue to operate and organise in the country. The annual ' Country Report on Terrorism' said, " Pakistan did not take sufficient action" against the groups and did not limit their ability to threaten US interests in Afghanistan. 
Filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali will launch actor Jaaved Jaaferi' s son Meezan in Bollywood. Meezan, who has assisted Bhansali on the film Bajirao Mastani, was said to be chosen after auditioning for the role. Bhansali will reportedly be co- producing the film under Bhansali Productions while it will be directed by Mangesh Hadawale, known for directing the Marathi film Tingya. 
Four airlines including IndiGo, Air India, SpiceJet, and Vistara on Wednesday lifted their ban on Telugu Desam Party MP Diwakar Reddy. The parliamentarian was banned by seven airlines after he allegedly manhandled IndiGo staff last month when they did not let him board an aircraft. Reportedly, Reddy has also agreed to withdraw the case he had filed against the airlines. 
The Maharashtra government has decided to increase the compensation for rape and acid attack survivors from ? 3 lakh to ? 10 lakh. Adding that the compensation was categorised for different cases, officials said the maximum compensation will be provided to survivors of the most horrific acts of violence, leading to physical and mental disability. 
The Unique Identification Authority of India has launched ' mAadhaar' , a new app for syncing Aadhaar data on mobile phones. The app allows users to carry their Aadhaar information including name, date of birth, gender, address, and the linked photograph, on their smartphones. The app also allows users to lock or unlock biometrics data. 
Actress Bhumi Pednekar has said that in her opinion, most Indian men are MCPs ( male chauvinist pigs) . " The people that need to blamed are those mothers and fathers who are inculcating these dated, old- school teachings to their sons, " added Bhumi. She further questioned, " How is it OK for you to eve- tease a girl or touch her inappropriately? " 
The director of Game of Thrones season 7' s premiere episode, Jeremy Podeswa, has defended Ed Sheeran' s cameo and said he did a " lovely job" . " He was appropriate for the part because he needed to sing. If people did not know who Ed was, they would not have thought about it twice, " he added. Jeremy further said people interrogated the cameo too much. 
As per reports, Mumbai Police may close the case against comedy group AIB for posting a meme on PM Modi on Twitter as " the case is weak" . Earlier, the police charged AIB of obscenity and defamation after receiving a complaint on the official Mumbai police Twitter handle. Legal experts had commented that Modi' s consent was required for the defamation case. 
Sachin Tendulkar, while wishing former Australian pacer Dennis Lillee on his 68th birthday, revealed that it was Lillee who advised him to forget about becoming a fast bowler. Sachin said that when he visited the MRF Pace Foundation in Chennai in 1987 to hone his fast bowling skills, Lillee noticed his batting skills and asked him to stick to batting. 
The Railway Protection Force ( RPF) on Tuesday arrested a man who broke an LCD screen on the luxury train Tejas Express. The accused was presented before a court where he was fined ? 22, 000 for damaging government property. The RPF reportedly traced the man using mobile call data records and the passenger reservation chart. 
Textile traders in Surat on Tuesday called off their two- week- long strike against the imposition of 5% tax on textiles under the GST regime. This comes after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley assured them that the GST Council will discuss this next month. The traders had shut their shops, resorted to stone- pelting and carried out a silent march against the tax. 
Indian pacer Mohammed Shami was trolled on social media after he posted pictures of his wife during their daughter' s second birthday celebrations. The cricketer was trolled with many users commenting that his wife committed a " sin" by not wearing a hijab. Shami was subjected to similar treatment last year after he posted his wife' s picture in a sleeveless dress. 
Malayalam news channel Mathrubhumi has announced a ' First Day of Period' leave for its female employees. The additional leave will not be counted under sick leave, and will soon be extended to the company' s online and print ventures. " We felt that it was a very good and practical practice to adopt. And so the decision was taken, " the company said. 
The Bharatiya Janata Party in Delhi plans to launch a separate cell for young women between the age group of 18 to 25 years for the first time, according to reports. The independent ' Yuvti Prakoshth' ( Young Women' s Cell) will focus on those females who stay at home and are not politically active due to different reasons, the reports added. 
Disney has been criticised for casting Naomi Scott, who is of British- Indian descent, to portray Princess Jasmine in the live- action version of Aladdin. " All these Arab actresses. . . and they cast half- white, half- Indian Naomi Scott as Jasmine. Indian is not middle- eastern, Hollywood, " tweeted a user. " I do not love the " brown ppl are interchangeable" idea that H' wood believes in, " wrote another user. 
US President Donald Trump and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin held a previously undisclosed second meeting during the G20 Summit in Germany, the White House has confirmed. This came after Iran Bremmer, President of the international consulting firm Eurasia Group, publicly spoke about the second meeting. Notably, Trump, Putin' s official meet at the summit lasted for over 2 hours. 
Reports of job insecurity leading to high levels of anxiety and depression among IT professionals in India are baseless and exaggerated, former Infosys director Mohandas Pai said. He said such reports are based on a few events and there are attempts to blow them up. Pai further dismissed the forecast that six lakh jobs could be slashed over three years. 
Paul Nicholls, a British actor who worked on shows like EastEnders and Ackley Bridge, has been rescued three days after he was trapped at the base of a jungle waterfall in Thailand' s Koh Samui island. He was found partially submerged in a rock pool, semi- conscious and with hypothermia. " I am lucky to be alive, " said Nicholls. 
The leader of political party Puthiya Tamizhagam has threatened to file a ? 100 crore defamation case against Kamal Haasan and a Tamil TV channel for not apologising over a contestant' s ' derogatory' comment during the Tamil version of Bigg Boss. " [ He] did not. . . condemn it or talk about this in the show despite many people raising this issue, " the leader added. 
Sri Lanka' s Sports Minister has given his support for an official probe into the national side' s loss in the final of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2011. The Sri Lanka cricket team lost the World Cup final by six wickets at Mumbai' s Wankhede Stadium. It is alleged that four last- minute squad changes were made, without the minister' s customary approval. 
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' s matinee show at Mumbai' s Maratha Mandir was cancelled for the first time in 22 years as the cinema hall held the screening of Shraddha Kapoor' s film Haseena Parkar' s trailer. This also marked the first time that the iconic theatre held a film' s trailer screening. The makers chose the venue as Parkar lived close to Maratha Mandir. 
Actor Kamal Haasan has been appointed as the ambassador of the new Kabaddi team Tamil Thalaivas for the fifth season of Pro Kabaddi League. Haasan added, " I am honoured to associate myself strongly with the sport of Kabaddi. I take personal pride in highlighting. . . a sport developed by my ancestors thousands of years ago. " Tamil Thalaivas is co- owned by Sachin Tendulkar. 
The Maharashtra government on Tuesday said that it will make drip irrigation mandatory for sugarcane cultivation after 2019. For this purpose, the state will also provide a loan at an interest rate of 2% to the farmers. Drip irrigation is not only expected to raise the sugarcane production but also help in conserving water. 
The Western and Central railway authorities have sent a proposal to the Ministry of Railways for installing CCTV cameras in the suburban stations of Mumbai to supervise cleanliness. The station masters' cabins will have TV screens to monitor the same. Officials said that CCTV cameras have already been installed at Churchgate and Mumbai Central stations as part of pilot project. 
Tamil Nadu government has almost doubled the salary of MLAs in the state from ? 55, 000 to ? 1. 05 lakh on Wednesday. The move comes when the farmers in the state have been protesting for loan waiver and better crop prices. Reportedly, the state government also announced an increase in MLAs' Local Area Development Fund from ? 2 crore to ? 2. 5 crore. 
A deleted nude scene from the film Dandupalya 2, which shows Kannada actress Sanjjanaa Galrani being physically abused by jail authorities, has been leaked online. The scene was reportedly deleted following objections by the regional censor board. Sanjjanaa said, " We are figuring out who is behind the leak and will give a complete clarification once director Srinivasa Raju. . . returns. " 
Amitabh Bachchan has revealed that he wrestled a real tiger in the 1977 film ' Khoon Pasina' . " Fighting a real tiger for ' Khoon Pasina' . . . a real task. . . shared it with stunt directors of today. . . they thought I was mad, " he wrote on Twitter while sharing a photo from the film' s set. The film also starred Rekha and late actor Vinod Khanna. 
RJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav on Wednesday offered BSP chief Mayawati a Rajya Sabha seat from Bihar to " fight against atrocities and divisive agenda of BJP" . This comes a day after Mayawati resigned as a Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha in protest claiming that she was not allowed to speak in the House. 
British athlete Jessica Ennis- Hill is set to receive a record- equalling third heptathlon world championship gold medal for the 2011 event in South Korea. This comes after Russia' s gold medallist Tatyana Chernova lost her appeal against a retrospective ban for taking steroids. Ennis- Hill, who had won gold medals in Berlin in 2009 and Beijing in 2015, said, " Triple world champion. Wow! " 
The song Despacito by Puerto Rican artists Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee and its remix featuring Justin Bieber beat the 2015 song Sorry, also by Bieber, to become the most streamed track ever. Despacito has recorded 4. 6 billion plays across platforms. The Despacito remix has also been leading the Billboard Hot 100 chart for the 10th week. 
India' s top- ranked shot putter Manpreet Kaur has failed an in- competition dope test conducted by the National Anti Doping Agency ( NADA) . The national record holder, who won a gold medal at the recently concluded Asian Athletics Championships, failed the test during the Federation Cup in Patiala from June 1- 4. Notably, Kaur is still eligible for August' s World Athletics Championships in London. 
The organisers of IIFA 2017 have explained that the makers of the film Dangal did not send in an entry for nominations at the award show. " We would love Dangal to be a part of [ the nominations] , " said Andre Timmins, the Director of Wizcraft International. He further said the organisers were sad that Dangal' s makers did not send in their entry. 
The casting director of Babumoshai Bandookbaaz, Sanjay Chouhan, has said he never made the remark that fair actors cannot be cast with Nawazuddin Siddiqui. " All I said was the film needed actors as good as Nawazuddin. You need actors who could match his stature, " he added. Sanjay further said he would never want to hurt Nawazuddin by giving such statements. 
Nagaland CM Shurhozelie Liezietsu and nine other ruling legislators did not turn up for the floor test on Wednesday, following which the assembly speaker adjourned the house. Ex- CM TR Zeliang had staked claim to power saying he had the support of 47 legislators in the 60- member assembly. CM Liezietsu' s petition challenging the floor test was dismissed by the Gauhati high court. 
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation on Tuesday demolished over 100 illegal shop extensions and 40 stalls near Santacruz station. The action was part of a drive by the corporation to free the public spaces from encroachments. The officials said that some of the stalls, which were at least four years old, did not have licenses to erect the sheds. 
The Mumbai police on Monday arrested a 60- year- old man for stealing sensitive data from a digital company. He allegedly also tried to blackmail the owner of the company by demanding ? 8 crore to withhold the confidential data from a contending company. The police reportedly also found sensitive data of 25 other companies from his apartment. 
A cheesemaker from England is offering nearly ? 42, 000 reward for the recovery of two blocks of prize- winning cheddar cheese stolen from an agricultural show. The two blocks were stolen along with the certificates that prove their prize- winning quality which could raise their value. " It' s a bit like having a valuable painting stolen, " said cheesemaker Rich Clothier. 
Amidst ongoing tensions between India and China, a Gujarat- based firm has asked its associates and 400 dealers to stop using their Chinese phones and promised to give Made in India phones in return. The posts on Facebook by the firm asked people to fulfil their duties as Indian citizens and encourage Indian forces defending our borders by boycotting Chinese goods. 
The Telangana School Education Department on Tuesday issued an order capping the weight of school bags for students in primary, upper primary and high schools. The order directed school managements to ensure that the weight of a bag does not exceed 5 kilograms for class 10 students. Reportedly, students in Telangana have been carrying bags weighing 6 to 17 kgs. 
BSP chief Mayawati' s resignation as Rajya Sabha MP may not be accepted since it does not follow the prescribed format, according to reports. Mayawati has cited not being allowed to speak about Dalit atrocities in the Rajya Sabha as the reason for her resignation. However, parliamentary procedure dictates that a parliamentarian cannot cite a motive or reason for resigning. 
The Gujarat government launched a pilot programme on Tuesday to provide subsidised meals to labourers for ? 10, once a day, under Chief Minister Vijay Rupani' s scheme ' Shramik Annapurna Yojana' . The meal will be served through stalls at various labourer markets. Although, the government plans to cover over 5 lakh registered labourers, presently, 25, 000 labourers will be covered through 83 stalls. 
The Delhi government has announced plans to make Sarai Kale Khan the biggest transport hub of Delhi. Along with high- speed trains connecting the airport to Gurugram, Panipat, Ghaziabad, Meerut, and Alwar, it will also have a metro station, and a railway station. Sarai Kale Khan already has an Interstate Bus Terminus which will be redeveloped under the plan. 
Actress and singer Bidisha Bezbaruah, who was recently seen in Ranbir Kapoor- starrer ' Jagga Jasoos' , allegedly committed suicide at her Gurugram residence. According to police officials, she had not been taking calls since Monday evening, and was later found hanging from the ceiling of her rented flat. Her father said she had quarrels with her husband, whom she married last year. 
To avoid a shortage of beef, the BJP- led government in Goa has not blocked the option of getting the meat from Karnataka' s Belgaum, Goa CM Manohar Parrikar said on Tuesday. Adding that around 2, 000 kg of beef was produced daily at Goa' s only legal slaughterhouse, Parrikar said the slaughterhouse can increase production if traders bring in more animals. 
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday defended the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation over waterlogging problems in Mumbai. Speaking at the inauguration of an arts theatre, Thackeray said, " What would the BMC do if it rains heavily? " Notably, heavy rainfall since Monday has caused slow traffic and waterlogged roads, leading to commuter woes across the city. 
Police and the state mining department on Tuesday found that illegal sand mining was taking place in Greater Noida on two plots near the Yamuna river. Authorities said that they have recovered around 18, 126 cubic metres of sand from the plots in Sikandarpur and Murshadpur. The plot owners were booked and issued notices worth ? 70 lakh. 
Union Minister Kiren Rijiju on Tuesday said the government has undertaken construction of 73 roads of ' operational significance' along Indo- China border. Out of the 73 roads, 46 are being constructed by the Defence Ministry and 27 by the Home Ministry. This comes while India and China are engaged in a standoff after China attempted to construct a road in Doklam. 
China moved " tens of thousands of tonnes" of military equipment to the border in Tibet till June, according to Chinese media reports. The equipment was moved by the " western theatre command, which oversees the restive regions of Xinjiang and Tibet, and handles border issues with India" . The media reports were quoting Chinese Army' s mouthpiece PLA Daily. 
Two leaders of Yuva Sena on Tuesday asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation' s commissioner to file a ? 500 crore defamation case against 93. 5 Red FM and its host RJ Malishka. The controversy ensued after a viral song by the channel allegedly made fun of the BMC. They claimed that the channel had defamed the corporation for problems outside its jurisdiction. 
Pakistan' s Supreme Court on Monday began hearings on the Panama Papers case against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. This comes after the SC- appointed Joint Investigation Team ( JIT) panel found the country' s leader guilty of financial irregularities including tax evasion. The court is expected to put Sharif on trial on corruption charges or disqualify him, however, Sharif has denied any wrongdoing. 
Team India' s newly appointed bowling coach Bharat Arun' s coaching career started in 2002 with Tamil Nadu' s Ranji side, the team he represented as a player. Arun led Tamil Nadu to two Ranji finals in his 4- year stint with the team. Arun has also coached the India Under- 19 team, helping them win the U- 19 World Cup in 2012. 
Opposition' s Vice Presidential candidate and Mahatma Gandhi' s grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Tuesday expressed his stand against death penalty and capital punishments calling them as medieval practices. Gandhi said, " Death penalty is wrong and this is my principle. " Notably, Shiv Sena criticised him for a letter he wrote to the President in 2015, seeking clemency for a 1993 Mumbai blasts accused. 
After successful heart surgery of their four- month- old son in a Noida- based hospital, a Pakistani couple expressed their gratitude towards India and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj. The couple said, " Thank You India. Thank you for everything, " adding, " Minister Swaraj made a personal intervention in our case and ensured that we receive our visa. " 
Children in at least 3 schools along the Line of Control ( LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir' s Rajouri district were evacuated in bullet- proof vehicles on Tuesday after Pakistan fired on Indian posts along the border. Schools in 23 villages close to the LoC have been closed indefinitely and 3, 500 people have been moved to relief camps, district police officials said. 
China on Tuesday called for an immediate withdrawal of Indian troops that illegally crossed the boundary so as " to avoid escalation" . China' s Foreign Ministry said, " The illegal trespass by the Indian border personnel has drawn extensive attention from the international community. " China also asserted that India should not use illegal trespass as a " policy tool" to realise its political targets. 
A standoff between a local community and miners has emerged in New Zealand after 8, 500 kg of highest quality gold was found on a protected conservation land. Miners plan to begin extracting small amounts of gold from next year. However, locals argue that no amount of gold is worth compromising with the peace and harmony of their sacred land. 
Somalia' s Internet has returned after an over three- week outage which reportedly cost the country' s economy $ 10 million a day in business. The loss of internet service was attributed to a ship which cut an undersea cable connecting the country to global data networks. Hormuud Telecom, Somalia' s largest telecom company, announced the restoration of service in a message to subscribers. 
Four persons were arrested by Gurugram Police for allegedly cloning debit and credit cards of customers at PVR cinemas in two malls on MG Road. The accused allegedly cloned around 45 to 50 cards and stole up to ? 25 lakh from customers. They reportedly took note of ATM PIN numbers and used it to withdraw cash from the cloned cards. 
Students from Jawaharlal Nehru University staged a protest on Monday against the varsity' s alleged decision to restrict 14 students, including JNUSU member Umar Khalid, from registering for the new semester because of their ' activism' . While the protestors claimed that the restriction was against the rules of the university, officials maintained they were within their rights to do so. 
A group of thieves allegedly robbed a jewellery store in Mumbai by drilling a hole in its wall from a vacant store next door, police officials said on Monday. The robbers stole ? 8. 5 lakh worth of jewellery and left behind ? 20 lakh worth of gold kept in an iron safe. Police are probing if the robbery was an inside job. 
A voluntary residents' group in Greater Noida has taken up the responsibility of particular localities and walls in commercial and residential areas in order to ensure cleanliness. The group recently started a ' poster removal' drive as signboards and direction boards covered with posters make it difficult for commuters to locate addresses. 
The Noida traffic police on Sunday trained 20 civilian volunteers on road safety rules to assist them in regulating traffic. The police had earlier appealed to residents through social networking sites to help them reduce vehicular congestion and around 40 residents extended their support. The volunteers will work during peak traffic hours at intersections, markets, and roads. 
Delhi authorities have postponed the demolition of a temple allegedly built illegally in east Delhi' s Shahdara. The Delhi High Court had ordered the demolition for Tuesday, but the Public Works Department said it was postponed to August due to ' administrative reasons' . This comes after a religious group warned of protests if the temple is demolished, reports said. 
The leader of Opposition in Delhi Assembly, Vijender Gupta on Monday said that a few Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) legislators cross- voted in favour of NDA' s presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind. " A number of MLAs had already threatened to vote against the UPA candidate. Having realised the same, Kejriwal. . . asked them to vote as per their conscience, " Gupta added. 
As many as 16 private schools in Noida were sent notices for failing to initiate admission process for underprivileged children under the Right to Education Act. The notices were sent based on complaints that schools had been demanding money for admission and were denying admissions. Under RTE, private schools are mandated to offer 25% seats to underprivileged children for free. 
1993 Mumbai serial blasts convict Abu Salem on Monday moved a plea before a Mumbai court seeking temporary bail to get married, reports said. In his application, Salem cited examples of convicts who have been granted bail to get married. The trial court judge has asked the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) to file its response to Salem' s petition. 
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) has ordered 70 buildings in Mumbai to reduce their height within 60 days. This comes after the buildings in Vile Parle, Santacruz and Ghatkopar were classified as ' obstacles' in flight paths. The DGCA initiated action after a Bombay High Court order took serious note of violations of height norms by private developers. 
The Dombivli Industries Association and the Dombivli, Ambernath, and Ulhasnagar municipal bodies will have to pay ? 96 crore for polluting the Ulhas river in Thane. The Supreme Court has passed an order vacating an earlier High Court judgement which had put on hold a National Green Tribunal' s order asking the bodies to pay the fine to restore the river. 
A police station in Uttar Pradesh' s Ghaziabad district allegedly kept a stabbed teenager waiting while the victim was bleeding for 20 minutes before sending him to a hospital. A probe has been ordered against the police officials after a video of the incident surfaced on social media. The boy was reportedly stabbed while resisting an attempt to snatch his phone. 
BJP leader Sushil Modi on Tuesday said that he had proof that Bihar Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav had acquired at least 13 benami properties after growing a ' moustache and beard' . This comes after Yadav had earlier denied corruption charges against him claiming that he did not even have a ' moustache' when the alleged land- for- hotels deals took place in 2005. 
Two Peruvian brothers were reportedly set on fire by fishermen in Chile in an attack that was reportedly triggered by competition between seaweed collectors. The attack comes amid an increase in racial discrimination in Chile against immigrants who arrive mainly from other Latin American and Caribbean countries. The victims suffered second and third- degree burns over half their bodies. 
The Bank of England on Tuesday unveiled a new polymer £ 10 note featuring 19th century novelist Jane Austen, in a move to replace paper £ 5, £ 10 and £ 20 with secure plastic notes. This makes Austen the only woman other than Queen Elizabeth to be featured on a polymer British banknote. The note' s introduction marks the 200th anniversary of Austen' s death. 
Islamic preacher Zakir Naik' s passport was revoked on Tuesday by the Regional Passport Office of Mumbai. The travel document was revoked after he failed to respond to a show cause notice that directed him to appear in person by July 13. Naik is wanted by the National Investigation Agency on charges related to terrorism and money laundering. 
UK' s first woman Sikh MP Preet Kaur Gill has been elected to the Home Affairs Select Committee in the country' s Parliament. Gill, who was also chosen to head the All Party Parliamentary Group for British Sikhs, said that the " Parliament must reflect the people it serves" . The Labour MP had won from the Edgbaston seat in last month' s general elections. 
Tiger Shroff, who was criticised for referring to his co- stars as " padding" , said that he made the remark very casually, while adding, " It' s so funny how using one wrong word can screw up your career. " Tiger further said that he is not a sexist or racist person. He added, " I do not get under people' s skin or pick up unnecessary fights. " 
Two monkeys strayed into the headquarters building of the North and South Delhi Municipal Corporations, triggering chaos among staff and security. NDMC Congress leader Mukesh Goel alleged negligence in security and demanded an inquiry into the incident. He also questioned the functioning of the veterinary department in controlling the population of stray animals. 
The Union Home Ministry on Tuesday told the Parliament that there is a shortage of over 5 lakh police personnel from the authorised strength of over 22 lakh in the country. It also admitted that there are only 3, 905 Indian Police Service ( IPS) officers in service in place of the required 4, 843 IPS officers. 
An engineer working for an electricity distribution company died in Delhi' s Jaffarpur Kalan on Monday, after his car hit a tree while he was allegedly being chased by a mob during an anti- power theft raid. The company said its teams were chased by bike- borne goons and added that they had received a tip about large- scale power theft in the area. 
Security footage from a State Bank of India branch in Pathankot showed a naked man stealing the guard' s shoes, two pressure cookers, and a pan, instead of money. He had entered the bank through a hole he dug. The manager said that the CCTV footage showed the man trying to break the locker but failing to do so. 
The Delhi government on Tuesday announced a ' merit cum means' scholarship for students from low and middle- income groups studying in state universities. The scheme has three categories based on the students' family income and will provide fee waivers up to 100% . However, students will need a minimum of 60% in the class they passed to qualify for the scheme. 
The bodies of a Swiss couple who went missing 75 years ago have been found perfectly preserved in the Alps, reports said. A bottle, a book, and a watch were also found along with the bodies that were dressed in clothes dating back to World War II. DNA testing will be carried out to confirm their identities, reports added. 
On- demand video streaming service Netflix has registered over 10 crore ( 100 million) subscribers worldwide with over 40 lakh subscriptions received outside the US in the past three months. " Our streaming membership grew more than expected, from 99 million to 104 million, due to our amazing content, " said Netflix CEO Reed Hastings. Netflix is currently available in over 190 countries. 
Lahore High Court on Tuesday lifted a ban on the airing of Indian television serials in Pakistan. The court stated that " the world has become a global village" while questioning for how long such " unreasonable restrictions" could be imposed. The court noted that instead of a blanket ban, Indian content with " objectionable" or " anti- Pakistan" content could still be censored. 
Union Minister Santosh Gangwar has said that over 36 lakh bank accounts witnessed cash deposits of ? 10 lakh or more, in a financial year. However, Gangwar did not specify the financial year of these deposits. Notably, I- T rules state banks must report cash deposits aggregating ? 10 lakh or more in a financial year, in one or more accounts of a person. 
Irish company Primark has recalled thousands of pairs of men' s flip- flops after discovering they contain a cancer- causing chemical. This is the third product recall Primark has issued this year and a full refund is being offered to all customers. However, a Primark spokesperson said, " At the levels found in the flip- flop. . . health and safety risk to customers is minimal. " 
The Kerala police on Monday questioned Congress MLA Anwar Sadath and CPI- M MLA- actor Mukesh in connection to the Malayalam actress abduction case. Anwar was asked about his connections with actor Dileep, who was arrested last week on charges of criminal conspiracy. Mukesh was questioned by the police as Pulsar Suni, the prime accused, was his driver for a year. 
Actress Bhumi Pednekar, who turned 28 on Tuesday, has said that she got a confirmation call for her debut film Dum Laga Ke Haisha on her 25th birthday. Bhumi added, " I did not know how to react because I remember going back to sleep again. I was in shock I guess. " Dum Laga Ke Haisha also starred Ayushmann Khurrana. 
The Ladies Professional Golf Association has been criticised by former players for enforcing a dress code that bans plunging necklines, short skirts that reveal the " bottom area" , leggings, among other attire. The LPGA said the new code was in place so that " players present themselves in a professional manner to reflect a positive image for the game. " 
The Islamic State has lost its hold in Afghanistan following the death of its leader Abu Sayed in a US strike, according to the US Department of Defense. Adding that the leader' s death has disrupted the terror group' s plans to expand its operations in Afghanistan, the Pentagon estimated that the militants do not number more than 1, 000. 
Actress Rakhi Sawant, whose Instagram account has been deleted, has said, " My account has been hacked. I am very upset. One of my haters has done this. " She further talked about how people think she is a slut whenever she posts on Instagram. " They have even bad mouthed my mom so many times. These things do affect me, " added Rakhi. 
Nawazuddin Siddiqui, while speaking about his tweet about being discriminated in the film industry on the basis of his skin colour, said it was just a reply to someone in the film industry. Nawazuddin further explained that his tweet was not directed towards the entire industry. " These things are there everywhere, not just in Bollywood, " he added. 
M Venkaiah Naidu, the Vice Presidential candidate of NDA, on Tuesday, said that he no longer belongs to the BJP. " I am above any party now, " he said, adding that he will " uphold the traditions and standards set by the worthy predecessors" . He also said that the office of Vice President has been held by " illustrious people" like Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. 
Replying to an RTI application, the Ministry of Home Affairs revealed that Jammu and Kashmir accounted for 49. 5% of the total human rights violation complaints against the Indian Armed Forces between 2012 and 2016. The Ministry further stated that a total of 186 human rights violation complaints were received between these four years from J& K and six other states. 
Suniel Shetty has said that after doing 126 films, one cannot say that he has not been doing that many films while adding, " I did an overdose of cinema. " Suniel further said, " I needed to take a break. . . to focus on my children. Athiya and Ahan' s careers are more important to me. " Suniel will complete 25 years in Bollywood this year. 
On the occasion of Priyanka Chopra' s 35th birthday, Abhishek Bachchan tweeted, " Happy birthday Chopps. . . . Take a break, even if it is just for the day" . " Happy birthday! ! Onward and upward, " wrote Jacqueline Fernandez. Riteish Deshmukh wrote, " Happy Birthday Dear. . . keep shining. . . have the brightest one" . " Happy birthday @ priyankachopra. . . a bigger person than a star! " tweeted filmmaker Sujoy Ghosh. 
The Centre has asked all the states to compulsorily file FIRs in all ' untoward incidents' happening in the name of cow protection, the Lok Sabha was informed on Tuesday. The Centre said that the responsibility to maintain law and order and preventing incidents of attacks on cattle traders, beef eaters, Muslims, Dalits and dairy farmers rests with the states. 
NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant has said the government has scrapped around 1, 200 complex laws for easy registration of startups to encourage entrepreneurs. " Today one can register a company in a day and for an MSME, it takes around five minutes to register, " he added. Kant also explained that entrepreneurship has to be promoted to create wealth in India. 
Government Upper Primary Sanskrit School in Rajasthan' s Sikar district has six classrooms, four teachers but not a single student. The student strength of the school, established in 1998, peaked to 55 in 2005 and then began to decline. Reportedly, the teachers now report for work at 8 am, water plants, read newspapers, chat among themselves and leave by 2 pm. 
An 18- year- old son of Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority' s Vice President Milind Mhaiskar and Urban Development Department' s Principal Secretary Manisha Mhaiskar was found dead under mysterious circumstances in Mumbai. The police are trying to find out whether it was a case of suicide or if he was pushed from the 20th storey of the building. 
Indian all- rounder Irfan Pathan was slammed on social media after he posted a picture of himself with his wife Safa Baig, which was termed " un- Islamic" by many. Users commented that Safa' s arms and face should have been covered with a veil. Earlier, pacer Mohammed Shami was subjected to similar treatment after he posted his wife' s picture in a sleeveless dress. 
While hearing petitions challenging Aadhaar, the Supreme Court on Tuesday appointed a 9- judge bench to decide whether privacy is a fundamental right or not under the Constitution. While the government has been pushing for Aadhaar citing that it would ensure subsidy schemes reach the targeted, activists claim that it is vulnerable to data breaches and helps government spy on people. 
The government has recently transferred 325 commissioners of the Income Tax department across the country. The Central Board of Direct Taxes ( CBDT) , which frames policy for the tax department, has brought out two lists, transferring 80 and subsequently 245 commissioner rank officials. This is reportedly the largest scale of transfers done in the department in the last few years. 
The new CEO of National Stock Exchange ( NSE) Vikram Limaye has said his immediate priority is to resolve a probe from market regulator SEBI about whether NSE employees provided unfair access to co- location servers to select brokers. Co- location servers are placed at exchanges to speed up algorithmic trading. Notably, the probe has delayed the initial public offering of the NSE. 
' Harry Potter' actor Daniel Radcliffe helped a tourist who was attacked by two men on bikes in London. The victim was walking when the men stole his bag and left him with an injury. " He was a really nice bloke, a lot of stars would not have stopped to help, " said a former policeman who tried to intervene during the robbery. 
Indo- Canadian YouTube star Lilly Singh, also known as Superwoman, said, " If you watch something and it makes you laugh, great. If it doesn' t, that comedy is not wrong. It' s just not suitable for you. " Calling comedy " very subjective" , Lilly added, " The best thing you can do is promote what you love, ( and not) bash what you hate. " 
RSS' Muslim wing, Muslim Rashtriya Manch ( MRM) , has launched a campaign against Chinese rakhi, in Uttar Pradesh' s capital Lucknow. The activists have burnt Chinese goods and are circulating WhatsApp messages saying, ' Wear an Indian Rakhi if you care about your country' . " By cooperating with us, buyers and traders can help deflate the Chinese ambitions, " said an MRM activist. 
A priest from Kerala' s Wayanad district, identified as Father Saji Joseph, has been arrested for sexually abusing minor boys at a children' s home. The incident that took place during the summer of 2016 came to light recently after a victim shared the ordeal with his parents. The accused was absconding for the past three days before being arrested from Karnataka. 
Less than 3, 000 out of 36 lakh eligible farmers have opted for an interim loan of ? 10, 000 in Maharashtra. The state had offered the interim loan to facilitate sowing of kharif crops until the actual farm loan waiver was announced. Noting poor response to the interim waiver scheme, advertisements were also published in newspapers, urging farmers to avail the loan. 
A total of six Indian Vice Presidents went on to be elected as Presidents later. The list includes Dr S Radhakrishnan, who was elected as the country' s President after serving two terms as the Vice President. The other five people on the list are Dr Zakir Hussain, V V Giri, R Venkataraman, Dr Shankar Dayal Sharma, and K R Narayanan. 
A Marathi actress was molested by a person sitting behind her in a movie theatre in Mumbai. The incident took place when the actress was out with her daughter. Following the incident, she filed a police complaint against the accused and the police later stated that the accused was drunk. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra, who turned 35 today, has shared pictures celebrating the occasion on her ongoing vacation with her family. Most of her pictures show the actress with her mother Madhu Chopra and brother Siddharth. In one of the pictures she shared with a shark and stingray, Priyanka wrote, " When a shark, stingray and a birthday girl make friends. " 
Sylvester Stallone' s spokesperson has denied rumours of the the 71- year- old Hollywood actor' s appearance in the Indian remake of Rambo starring Tiger Shroff. The spokesperson said, " Any involvement in Tiger Shroff' s Rambo is not happening, under any circumstances" . Notably, Stallone is known for playing the lead character John Rambo in the film series. 
PremjiInvest, the investment arm of Wipro Chairman Azim Premji, on Monday bought 3. 26% stake in Kishore Biyani' s Future Lifestyle Fashions for nearly ? 196 crore. Future Lifestyle Fashions runs fashion labels such as Indigo Nation, Scullers, and Mother Earth. The shares were sold by Bennett Coleman & Company and India Opportunities Growth Fund - Pinewood Strategy. 
The Gurugram police has reportedly decided to deploy drones, sniffer dogs, and additional forces to ensure top security for the Kanwar yatris. Reportedly, separate lanes are also being created for the pilgrims to enable smooth traffic movement and maintain law and order. " Special security will be provided to women pilgrims during the yatra, " a senior official said. 
A man from Pune fell into a 150- foot gorge in Madhe ghat, where he clung to a tree branch whole night before getting rescued the next day. Ramesh Mane was out on a trip with his friends, who while coming back realised Mane was missing. His friends said they were surprised on finding that Mane did not have major injuries. 
After a Gorkhaland supporter was allegedly shot dead by police in Darjeeling on Monday night, the death toll reached eight in the West Bengal' s district amid the ongoing unrest. Notably, the indefinite shutdown of the hills entered the 34th day on Tuesday. However, the police have denied opening fire in any of the incidents which have allegedly killed eight people. 
Rajasthan University is set to include a book on Mughal emperor Akbar' s Haldighati' s defeat by Rajput king Maharana Pratap in its History department' s curriculum from this year. The book by Dr Chandra Shekhar Sharma projects Pratap as a great freedom fighter. Notably, the idea to teach Akbar' s ' defeat' was first mooted by BJP MLA Mohan Lal Gupta earlier this year. 
Former national- level hockey player Amit Saroha, who met with an accident in 2007, clinched the silver medal in the club throw event in the F- 51 category at the World Para Athletics Championships. Saroha produced his career best performance at the World Para Athletics Championships, throwing the club to 30. 25 metres to set an Asian record as well. 
A man named Pravesh Rawat has been arrested after he was found extracting money from passengers on a train posing as a Travel Ticket Examiner ( TTE) . He was issuing " receipts" to passengers travelling without ticket and collecting " fine" from them on board the train from Dehradun to Delhi. He was arrested after suspicious travellers alerted the Government Railway Police. 
A social activist has filed a Public Interest Litigation in the Bombay High Court demanding a 24- hour helpline against cow vigilantes. The activist, fearing that more attacks may follow during Bakra Eid, said that it is the duty of the state to protect its citizens. All the police stations should have names of gau- rakshaks under their jurisdiction, the petition demanded. 
The Delhi police arrested a father- son duo, who would buy stolen items from pickpockets and then sell them for a profit, from Mangolpuri. The father allegedly also used to teach theft to young boys and charge a commission from them. Cops nabbed them after a tip- off and seized ? 2 lakh, 54 phones, 11 laptops, and a car from their possession. 
Comedian Kapil Sharma took to Twitter to wish Sunil Grover on the occasion of his 40th birthday today. " Wish you a very happy birthday Sunil paji. . . May God bless you with all the happiness of this world. Lots of love always, " tweeted Kapil. Notably, Sunil had left Kapil' s show following a feud between them. 
Minister of State for Finance Santosh Gangwar said that as on July 27, over 11. 44 lakh Permanent Account Numbers ( PANs) were deleted or de- activated in cases where multiple PANs were allotted to one person. He further said that 1, 566 fake PANs have been identified which were allotted to either non- existent people or in the names of persons with false identities. 
China has extended its hold by three months on the US proposal to list Jaish- e- Mohammad chief and Pathankot terror attack mastermind Masood Azhar as a designated terrorist by the UN. Azhar would have been automatically designated if China would not have extended the hold. China earlier repeatedly blocked India' s move to ban Azhar, leading to a lapse of India' s application. 
US President Donald Trump has said he signed the anti- Russia sanctions bill, which accuses Russia of meddling in the 2016 US presidential election and punishes the country for its annexation of Crimea, " for the sake of national unity" . Calling the bill " seriously flawed" , Trump said that it encroaches on his authority to negotiate to strike good deals for the US. 
A reporter was punched in the face during a live broadcast as he reported on celebrations by paratroopers in Moscow on Wednesday. A man staggered up to Nikita Razvozzhayev and began ranting about Russia invading Ukraine, following which Razvozzhayev asked him to be quiet. The man punched Razvozzhayev, screaming, " If you talk to me like that you' ll. . . get it. "  
Indian Cellular Association President Pankaj Mohindroo on Wednesday said that India is probably the worst country to do business in. He criticised India' s business climate saying cumbersome processes have emerged out of distrust between tax officials and customs authorities. He further said that lack of ease of doing business is very upsetting to the industry.  
Mexican photographer Sergio Tapiro Velasco, who captured the explosion of a volcano with lightning connecting the ash cloud and volcano surface in 2015, has been named National Geographic Travel Photographer of the Year 2017. The friction in the ash particles generated a lightning bolt about 600 metres long between the ash and the volcano, Velasco described. 
Mumbai Taximens Union and Mumbai Taxi Association have opposed the plan to install Global Positioning System ( GPS) devices in their black and yellow taxis, saying that the additional expenses will put a financial burden on drivers. This comes after government' s plan to install GPS devices to help track the taxis from control room and to ensure safety of the passengers. 
A major fire broke out at a helmet- manufacturing factory in Manesar' s Sector 8 on Tuesday morning. The fire department received information about the fire around 8. 30 AM and controlled the fire by 12: 30 PM after nine fire tenders were rushed to the spot. Two floor were gutted and material worth lakhs of rupees was burnt, a fire department official said. 
Maharashtra Forest Minister Sudhir Mungantiwar on Wednesday told the Legislative Council that the government is planning to relocate tigers from Vidarbha region to sanctuaries where tiger population is smaller. He added that the deaths of most tigers happen due to territorial fights caused by over- population. A committee has reportedly been formed to examine the proposal. 
One out of three labourers died on Monday after they were trapped in an almost 15- 20 feet deep pit while digging for a sewer pipeline in Gurugram. Among the other two, one was seriously injured and the other had a narrow escape. Calling it an accident, the authorities have announced a compensation of ? 2 lakh for the victim' s family. 
The Delhi government has released ? 100 crore for the completion of the Signature Bridge, which is twice the height of the Qutub Minar. The bridge was supposed to be ready by 2010 Commonwealth Games, but its construction was slowed down due to insufficient funds. Delhi Tourism Minister Rajendra Pal Gautam said that nearly 92% of the project has been completed. 
Former women cricketers have reportedly written to BCCI, questioning the Committee of Administrators' decision of awarding select ex- players a one- time payment of ? 25 lakh. The board has claimed that a few former players have also demanded the amount, but the BCCI is not able to verify their credentials. Three players were awarded ? 25 lakh, while three were given ? 15 lakh. 
Atul Shah, a BJP candidate in the elections for Mumbai' s civic body BMC was declared winner through a lottery after he and a Shiv Sena candidate got the same number of votes. The Sena candidate had been declared the winner after counting, but Shah challenged it. A tie was declared between the two candidates after recounting for three times. 
Justifying his decision to retire ill following an upset stomach during Day 1 of the Pune Test, Australian opener Matt Renshaw said, " It came pretty suddenly. . . He ( Smith) was not too thrilled about it but he understands that when you need to go to the toilet, you have got to go" . " It was not an ideal scenario but it is life, pretty much, " Renshaw added. 
The ownership and control of AirAsia India would remain with Indian nationals under its Brand Licensing Agreement with its parent company Malaysia' s AirAsia Berhad, aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation has said. The DGCA' s statement before the Delhi High Court came amid allegations that the airline' s ownership was with the foreign entity. 
Mohit Goel, Director of Noida- based Ringing Bells, which claimed to make world' s cheapest smartphone Freedom 251, was detained on Thursday over allegations of fraud. Goel was detained after Freedom 251 distributor Ayam Enterprises filed an FIR alleging it had been " defrauded" of ? 16 lakh. In December 2016, Ringing Bells officials were summoned in a cheque bounce case worth ? 2 crore. 
BJP MLA from Lauria, Vinay Bihari, on Thursday reached the Bihar Assembly wearing vest and shorts with injury marks on his knees. He said that he was protesting for the non- construction of roads in his constituency and came travelling the distance by prostrating on road. Earlier, he had vowed not to wear kurta- pyjama until roads were constructed in his constituency. 
Former Arunachal Pradesh CM Kalikho Pul' s wife Dangwimsai Pul on Thursday withdrew her Supreme Court petition seeking a CBI- probe into the allegations made in his purported suicide note. She said she did not want the court to decide her matter as that " will lead to closure of other remedies" . Notably, Pul was found hanging at his official residence in August. 
After a Kerala couple' s Facebook Live video of the cops moral policing them over public display of affection ( PDA) went viral recently, the state police chief has posted an apology note on his Facebook page. " In our country we impose self- restrain on PDA due to our culture and tradition, " writes the chief, " though there is no legal ban for PDA. " 
Former Delhi BJP MLA Vijay Jolly has been booked for rape after a woman alleged that he sexually assaulted her, police said on Thursday. The Delhi- based woman accused the former legislator of spiking her drink before sexually assaulting her in a Gurugram resort. Jolly had also filed a police complaint against the woman accusing her of blackmailing and extortion. 
After reports of fake ? 2, 000 notes bearing ' churan lable' strip dispensed from Delhi' s SBI ATM were denied by the bank, another man has claimed of receiving a similar note from Ghaziabad' s SBI ATM. The man alleged that when he approached the bank, manager dismissed his allegations saying that all the notes are sorted before filling them in the ATM' s vault. 
Responding to a petition claiming that Kangana Ranaut' s character in ' Rangoon' is based on Australian stunt actor Mary Evans, popularly known as ' Fearless Nadia' , the makers have said that one cannot copyright a character in India. " It' s like calling Hema Malini the ' dream girl' . . . Now one cannot have a copyright over dream girl, " said an advocate. 
The highest priced tickets, which cost ? 76, 000, for singer Justin Bieber' s India concert have been sold out after the ticket sale went live on Wednesday. The VVIP 2 category tickets worth ? 58, 030 have also been sold out. The lowest priced tickets for the concert, scheduled for May 10 at DY Patil Stadium in Mumbai, cost ? 4, 060. 
The Snapdeal Founders have written an email to employees explaining the layoffs of around 600 people. " Did we make errors in our execution? No doubt about that. Over the last 2- 3 years, with all the capital coming. . . , our entire industry, including ourselves, started making mistakes. " " All of us starting with myself and Rohit, are to blame for it, " it added. 
South Korean tech giant Samsung has refuted a report that claimed the company plans to sell refurbished units of the Galaxy Note 7 in India. The report had said that Samsung had slightly redesigned the phone and placed a smaller battery to prevent explosions. Samsung released the findings of its internal investigation into the Galaxy Note 7 explosions last month. 
The mother of 20- year- old Raja, who is accused of the recent Hauz Khas rape, has said that when her son comes out of jail she will ensure he does not influence her other children. Acknowledging that Raja was into drugs and committed thefts, the woman claimed, " He was a bad boy, but he never troubled girls. " 
A State Bank of India ATM in South Delhi' s Sangam Vihar dispensed fake ? 2, 000 notes bearing ' churan lable' strip instead of leaf markings and the Ashok emblem. Further, the notes dispensed on February 6 read ' Children' s Bank of India' and ' Bharatiya Manoranjan Bank' in place of Reserve Bank of India. It also had a ' PK' logo instead of RBI' s seal. 
The London- Mumbai Jet Airways flight that was escorted by German fighter jets after it lost contact over European airspace was a training flight for the pilot- in- command, according to reports. The flight lost contact with Air Traffic Control due to a " frequency goof- up" and its pilot missed contact attempts on emergency frequency " due to howling noise, " the reports added. 
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP) on Tuesday said that Shiv Sena was never a Hindutvavadi outfit and was pretending to be one only for political gains. Bal Thackeray himself was clueless about his party workers bringing portions of the mosque down in Ayodhya, said VHP. " You do not become Hindutvavadi by merely chanting Chhatrapati Shivaji' s name, " it added. 
After author Shobhaa De tweeted an image of an overweight man in uniform and took a jibe at Mumbai Police on Tuesday, the city police corrected her. " Heavy police bandobast in Mumbai today! " Shobhaa tweeted. " We love puns too Ms De but this one is totally misplaced. Uniform/ official not ours. We expect better from responsible citizens like you, " police tweeted. 
After RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav called PM Narendra Modi a ' dictator' , BJP leader Sushil Modi retaliated and said that Lalu had made his illiterate wife ( Rabri Devi) the Chief Minister" . " He made his sons ministers. He never allowed anyone else to become president of RJD. How can he say that PM Modi is a dictator, " Sushil Modi added. 
An exit polling, conducted by Axis- My- India after Tuesday' s BMC election, has predicted that both Shiv Sena and BJP will have a vote share of 32% each. The exit poll further gave 86 to 92 seats to Shiv Sena and 80 to 88 seats to BJP. The Congress, MNS and NCP were given 30- 34 seats, 5- 7 seats and 3- 6 seats respectively. 
RBI is not aware of the number of bank accounts in which over ? 2. 5 lakh in scrapped notes were deposited post demonetisation, an RTI reply said. It also revealed that RBI did not know the number of accounts in co- operative banks with such deposits. RBI earlier said it was still " reconciling" the number of old notes that were in circulation. 
An image of a pregnant US President Donald Trump being hugged by Russian President Vladimir Putin from behind was projected on buildings in New York along with # LoveThroughHate. The image was a part of an ad campaign by the dating app Hater. " We' re just trying to make people laugh. Through humour, hate can turn into love, " the app' s representatives said. 
India needs to " celebrate" success stories of " heroes" like Dhirubhai Ambani and Narayana Murthy, who have created wealth for the nation and jobs for millions, former Infosys executive Mohandas Pai said. " We have to create a good narrative. . . Our narrative is broken up into very negative matters, " he stated. " Why cannot an Ambani, Murthy get a Bharat Ratna? " he added. 
In a letter, AIADMK general secretary Sasikala has asked her party workers to celebrate late Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa' s birthday on February 24 on a grand scale conducting public welfare events. Sasikala, who is currently lodged at Bengaluru' s Parappana Agrahara Central Jail, further slammed rebel party leader O Panneerselvam in the letter for betraying the legacy of Jayalalithaa and MGR. 
The AAP government has informed the Delhi High Court that it has raised the compensation for acid attack victims from ? 3 lakh to ? 7 lakh. Further, the Delhi government said it has directed all Delhi hospitals to provide free treatment to such victims. The submission was made while hearing the plea filed by several victims against the compensation cap. 
Chess grandmaster Dorsa Derakhshani was banned by Iran for not wearing a hijab at the Gibraltar Chess Festival 2017. Dorsa' s 15- year- old brother was also banned for playing a chess match against Israel. " The first step in dealing with them would be to deprive them of every game played in Iran and in the name of Iran, " said an Iranian official. 
Bihar Deputy CM Tejaswi Yadav has dared PM Narendra Modi to address the alleged BJP links with Pakistan' s intelligence agency ISI. " Beware, the country is in danger. Self proclaimed and so called patriotic PM is totally mum on sponsorship of ISI agents by his party, " he added. Notably, certain ISI operatives arrested in Madhya Pradesh allegedly had links with BJP. 
A photograph of actor Ranbir Kapoor from the sets of the upcoming biopic on actor Sanjay Dutt has been shared online. Ranbir can be seen with long hair and is dressed in a shirt with a waistcoat and black trousers in the picture. Ranbir has reportedly gained 13 kilograms to portray Dutt in the film. 
A couple that got married on Tuesday morning lined up outside a polling station in Bhandup wearing wedding attires to cast their votes for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) polls. " Some relatives objected to us leaving the rituals midway, but we convinced them and finally were allowed to go to the polling booth, " the groom said. 
Actress Malaika Arora has been appointed the ambassador of Indian fashion designer Satya Paul' s Spring/ Summer 2017 sari collection. The collection, named ' Bohemian Rhapsody' , celebrates the vibrant expressions of street art and the streets it is seen on. " A sari is one of the most elegant and feminine garments. I think it flatters the female form beautifully, " said Malaika. 
English all- rounder Ben Stokes woke up at 3: 30 in the morning in England to follow the Indian Premier League auction, which was held on Monday. The English all- rounder was sold to Rising Pune Supergiants for ? 14. 5 crore, making him the most expensive foreign player sold in any edition of the tournament. 
Delhi police has received complaints against US online retailer Lost Coast selling beer with images of Lord Ganesha, a week after officials asked a Czech Republic brewery to remove similar images from its products. The police has also received complaints against US- based apparel maker Yes We Vibe for selling shoes with the Om symbol on them. 
RJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav has alleged that PM Narendra Modi is a dictator who wants to split India into parts. " Prime Minister of the country should not be speaking in a manner which belittles his stature, " he said. " He should rise above party politics. He should talk about development and not destruction, " Lalu added. 
Polling for Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) election is going on in Maharashtra on Tuesday as 2, 275 candidates are contesting the polls for its 227 seats. Considered as the biggest municipal corporation in the country, BMC is witnessing a multi- cornered fight between BJP, Shiv Sena, NCP, Congress, MNS, Samajwadi Party, BSP and others. The results will be declared on February 23. 
Former India skipper Mohammad Azharuddin has criticised the Rising Pune Supergiants franchise for MS Dhoni' s removal as captain of the team. " The decision and manner of execution was third- rate and disgraceful. Dhoni has been a jewel in Indian cricket, " said Azharuddin. " Belittling Indian sporting legends like Dhoni through corporate board- rooms is stooping down to the lowest, " Azhar added. 
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday said that no one had taken care of the North East even after several decades since Independence. " And now Prime Minister Narendra Modi had rechristened the Look East Policy as Act East Policy to fast track development in the region after years of negligence, " Rajnath added. 
A three- year- old was sexually assaulted by a man who worked at the nursery school located in Bellandur in Karnataka' s capital city Bengaluru. The accused school staffer was arrested soon after a complaint was filed by the parents of the kid. An FIR has also been registered against the school after the incident which took place on Friday. 
The Hindu Council UK has said the Bank of England has assured them that concerns over use of animal fat in new £ 5 notes were being treated with " utmost seriousness" . Further, the bank also assured that new £ 20 notes would be launched only after consultation. The council raised concerns over use of tallow made from beef fat in the notes. 
Referring to a Gujarat Tourism advertisement of a Wild Ass Sanctuary in the state, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday asked the ' century' s biggest superstar' to stop endorsing the ' donkeys of Gujarat' . The advertisement promotes the Indian Wild Ass Sanctuary situated in Gujarat' s Little Rann of Kutch, one of the largest wildlife sanctuaries in India. 
Yoga Guru Baba Ramdev on Monday said the ? 2, 000 currency note introduced by the government after demonetisation was not good for the country. " I do not like the ? 2000 note as it facilitates corruption. It is easy to carry and can be easily transported, " he added. Ramdev also said black money, both inside and outside India, belonged to the people. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday said the Samajwadi party provides 24- hour power supply to Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s Lok Sabha constituency Varanasi. " Modi should speak the truth and accept the fact that it is the SP government, which has ensured electricity to Varanasi, " Akhilesh said. This comes after Modi claimed that Uttar Pradesh faces severe power shortage. 
Within days after proving the majority of his government in the Assembly, the newly- appointed Tamil Nadu CM E Palanisamy on Monday announced 50% discount for over a lakh women in the state to buy mopeds. He also announced the closure of 500 state- run liquor outlets. " After taking charge, I have signed in five schemes as announced by Amma, " he said. n
The Ministry of External Affairs on Monday said that putting Lashkar- e- Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed on Pakistan' s terror list was the first logical step towards bringing him to justice. " Hafiz Saeed is an international terrorist, the mastermind of Mumbai terrorist attack and responsible for unleashing wave of terrorism against Pakistan' s neighbours through LeT/ JuD and their affiliates, " MEA stated. 
The British- era Bawana Jail is one of the 19 monuments being renovated by the Delhi Archeology Department. The abandoned 19th- century structure, which has also served as an orphanage and school, was once used to imprison revenue defaulters and villagers who failed to pay the Zaildari tax. It resembles a fortress and features an arched gateway. 
Six people have been arrested by the Indore police for allegedly duping customers by selling them Reliance Jio SIM cards, which are made available by Mukesh Ambani- led company free of cost. They used to collect more than one thumb impression of customers and used it along with Aadhaar details to activate other SIMs and sell each for up to ? 1, 000. 
Former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi announced his retirement from T20 internationals on Monday, thereby ending his 21- year long international career. Afridi burst onto the scene in 1996, scoring a 37- ball century in only his second match to set a world record that stood for 17 years. In the second half of his career, he became known as a bowling all- rounder. 
Samajwadi Party President Akhilesh Yadav has challenged PM Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah to issue a blanket ban on meat exports. This came after Shah vowed to shut down all slaughterhouses in Uttar Pradesh if voted to power. " He ( Shah) should ban the use of leather and start wearing khadaus ( wooden sandals) , " Yadav said. 
In a campaign named " Break the Bloody taboo" , NGO Sacchi Saheli will conduct sessions on menstruation for girls in 70 Delhi government schools. " Usually lessons on menstruation are imparted to girls by their mothers who unfortunately also pass on superstition, stigma and fear surrounding the natural bodily process, " explained Surbhi Singh, a gynaecologist who is roped in for the campaign. n
The Tirupati Laddu caused an annual loss of over ? 140 crore to the temple administration of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam for the last three years. The loss was owed to its subsidised price and free distribution to devotees, according to reports. The laddu is being sold at a price of ? 25 per piece while its actual cost was ? 32. 50, reports said. 
Former RJD MP Mohammed Shahabuddin was charged a fine of ? 440 by the TTE onboard the Sampoorna Kranti Express for travelling without a ticket. The incident happened during Shahabuddin' s transfer from Patna' s Beur jail to New Delhi' s Tihar jail. The criminal- turned- politician was being transferred in sleeper class after Supreme Court' s directive that he must not be given any VIP treatment. 
The stalls at Asia' s biggest wholesale market of potatoes in Uttar Pradesh' s Farrukhabad have been taken over by the Election Commission of India to store Electronic Voting Machines ( EVMs) . The EVMs will be kept in the shops inside the ' mandi' , and the area has been cordoned off till March 11 with CISF deployed to guard them. 
FasoPro, a startup based in African nation Burkina Faso creates products like salted cakes and pepper chips with protein- rich caterpillar powder to tackle malnutrition. The caterpillars, which feed on the leaves of shea trees, are made up of more than 60% protein. The startup was founded by Kahitouo Hien, a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley in 2011. 
IT firm Tech Mahindra has said it sees the proposed merger of telcos Vodafone and Idea as a " seismic" event that will impact the IT sector, but asserted that it will benefit from such a deal. " It is a big market where these people are merging together. . . It is not an ordinary change, " Tech Mahindra CEO CP Gurnani stated. 
Stating that there should be no prejudice on the basis of religion or caste, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, " If there is electricity during Ramzan, there should be electricity during Diwali too. " Modi attacked the Samajwadi Party- Congress alliance, saying, " the Samajwadi Party thought they are already sinking, so they joined hands with Congress to sink together. " 
Ethnic- wear brand Fabindia has started removing brand name ' Khadi' from its products after a legal notice by Khadi India alleged that the use of the word amounted to " unfair trade practice" . Fabindia stated it has complied with the directions issued, reports said. Notably, Fabindia was asked to immediately stop using ' Khadi' from its products and remove display banners from showrooms. 
As per reports, actor Amitabh Bachchan will feature in filmmaker Kabir Khan' s next project. According to a source, the details of the project are currently being worked out and an announcement will be made once everything is finalised. Khan is currently working on the Salman Khan starrer film ' Tubelight' . 
Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain has said that Delhi residents can now avail free MRI, PET and CT scan at 21 private laboratories. People will only be required to show a referral letter from the selected government hospitals or state- run polyclinics to avail the facility. These tests are considered costly but Delhi government is making them free, he added. n
With the Jat protesters observing ' Balidan Diwas' ( Sacrifice Day) , Haryana government on Sunday blocked internet services in Rohtak, the epicentre of the protests. With the ban on liquor sale extended till Monday, similar measures have also been taken in Bhiwani, Sonipat and other affected districts. Notably, the pro- quota agitation has entered the 22nd day. 
The Rajkummar Rao starrer ' Newton' has won the International Federation of Art Cinemas award in the Forum segment at Berlin Film Festival 2017. The film, which had its world premiere at the festival this year, has been directed by Amit Masurkar. It revolves around an election official whose aim is to conduct a fair election in a Naxalite area. 
Delhi Police have arrested a man named Sarfaraj Ahmed for stealing more than 50 motorcycles and selling them on used vehicle platforms like OLX and Quikr. As many as 18 costly motorcycles and scooters were recovered from him along with fake number plates, IDs and SIM cards. Ahmed had rented a room in Delhi' s Matiala to store the stolen vehicles. 
Olympians Akhil Kumar and Jitender Kumar have confirmed turning professional boxers after they signed a multi- year deal with IOS Boxing, the company which manages Vijender Singh' s pro boxing career. The duo will reportedly make their pro debuts on April 1 in Mumbai and fight a total of six bouts each this year. 
Saif Ali Khan' s daughter Sara has reportedly replaced Disha Patani in ' Student Of The Year 2' ( SOTY 2) , sequel to 2012 film ' Student Of The Year' . As per sources, initially, Patani was finalised as rumoured boyfriend Tiger Shroff, who will play the lead role, was keen to have her in the film. The reasons for Patani' s replacement are not known. 
Delhi Police has reportedly arrested two persons with ISI links and seized ? 6 lakh in fake ? 100 notes from them. The accused were trying to smuggle these notes from Nepal to India, as per reports. While the module was busted by the Border Security Force and National Investigation Agency, the Delhi Police made the seizure from Delhi' s Sonia Vihar. 
Talking about the upcoming India- Australia Test series, former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said, " They ( Australia) might come back hard at Kohli, they will do that in the first Test match. " " I' m not sure it is going to make any difference to Virat Kohli. They targeted him in Australia and he came back and played superbly, " added Ganguly. 
India A batsman Shreyas Iyer has said he was sledged by Australian wicketkeeper Matthew Wade and David Warner on the second day of the ongoing practice match. " They started to sledge and said ' this guy does not have defence, he can play only attacking shots' , " said Iyer. " I am used to this type of sledging, " the batsman added. 
The Gurugram police station has transformed two rooms into a play area to ensure that children who accompany adults are not affected by their surroundings. " The play area is meant to provide a friendly environment, which engages them and lets them relax, " said an official. The same rooms will also double as a crèche for children of police personnel. n
Samajwadi Party patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday said that it is the Congress that stands to benefit from the alliance for Uttar Pradesh Assembly election and not his party. " Congress had no footing in Uttar Pradesh. This alliance has revived their chances to win some seats. The contest was otherwise between the SP and the BJP, " he added. 
A legal case has been filed against filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj over Kangana Ranaut' s character Miss Julia in ' Rangoon' being based on Australian stunt actor Mary Evans, popularly known as ' Fearless Nadia' . The case filed by Wadia Movietone alleged that the makers of Rangoon have infringed on the copyrighted Fearless Nadia' s characters, costumes, persona and even her signature " Bloody Hell! " phrase. 
Telecom regulator TRAI on Friday said it will look into the proposed merger between telecom majors Vodafone and Idea " as and when" regulatory issues crop up. " As and when there is regulatory issue I will certainly give advise to the government, " TRAI Chairman RS Sharma said. Notably, the proposed merger comes amid competition from new entrant Reliance Jio. 
Discus thrower Harpreet Singh, a silver medalist at the 2004 Commonwealth Youth Games, was arrested with two other people in Delhi on Friday for peddling a party drug ' meow meow' . As per the police, 25 kilos of the drug worth ? 50 crore were seized from the trio. Harpreet had reportedly once faced a six- month drug ban in his athletics career. 
HDFC Bank CEO Aditya Puri on Friday backed setting up a national bad bank, saying anything that can help resolve the bad loans problem is welcome. " The. . . regulators are coming up with various discussions as to how ( to) solve the issue relating to NPAs and that is necessary, " he said. Other ideas like the Bankruptcy Code should also help, Puri added. 
A Delhi- based man was arrested at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in Mumbai for allegedly smuggling gold worth ? 91 lakh in a steel roller on Friday. The accused, Shadab Khan, was interrogated by Air Intelligence Unit officers after arriving from Dubai on a SpiceJet flight. The gold was collectively found to weigh 3 kg. 
The Air Intelligence Unit of the Mumbai Airport has arrested an employee of Saudi Arabian Airlines for smuggling gold worth ? 63. 7 lakh. The accused had arrived from Jeddah and upon investigation, gold bars were found concealed in black pouches from the pockets of his jeans. Two gold bars of 1, 000 grams each were found from his possession. 
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) is set to install 400 new card swipe machines for the facilitation of online transactions at its stations. Cash transactions have significantly reduced at metro stations since demonetisation and DMRC has started accepting payments through Paytm. This comes after several commuters complained of network issues and failed transactions. 
The Delhi government has added 100 new GPS- enabled buses in its fleet and plans to add 250 more in the coming months. The passengers will be given tickets through e- ticketing machines. The new buses also have mobile charging sockets. Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia said that the buses will facilitate connectivity for commuters in the Capital. 
A telephone believed to have been used by Adolf Hitler to issue execution orders is set to be auctioned. Hitler' s name and the Nazi symbol is engraved on the phone, which is estimated at $ 200, 000 to $ 300, 000 ( ? 1. 3- ? 2 crore) . It is being sold by the son of a British officer, who was given the phone when he visited Hitler' s bunker. 
The Central Information Commission has ordered to make public the statement of Nathuram Godse along with other records related to Mahatma Gandhi' s assassination. " One may disagree with Nathuram Godse and his co- accused but we cannot refuse disclosure or circulation of his opinion, " CIC stated. The CIC said since the information is more than 20 years old, it cannot be withheld. 
E- commerce platform Snapdeal is reportedly in talks to merge with Paytm' s e- commerce website, called Paytm Mall. According to the report, the deal was initiated by the companies' common investor, China' s Alibaba. Japan' s SoftBank is also expected to be a major beneficiary of the possible merger, as it reported a loss of ? 2, 300 crore mainly from its Indian investments including Snapdeal. 
Cricketer Harbhajan Singh has said Australia will lose their upcoming four- match Test series 0- 3 " if they play well" against India. " India will win 3- 0. . . That is if Australia play well. Otherwise, 4- 0. . . I do not think this team has the belief to win in these conditions, " said Harbhajan. The series kicks off on February 23, with the first Test being played in Pune. 
Responding to PM Narendra Modi' s attacks on the ruling SP regime in UP, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav said, " I think the prime minister should try the Agra- Lucknow expressway once. After that, he too will vote the SP. " Akhilesh added that he will build a 350 km long expressway from Lucknow to Ballia in 30 months if re- elected. 
A Science Express train was flagged off by Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday on a seven- month journey that will cover 68 stations across the country to spread awareness about climate change. Named Science Express Climate Action Special, the 16- coach train is a collaborative initiative of Ministries of Railways, Environment, and Science and Technology. 
Over 200 Air India passengers have been stranded in Ankara, Turkey for over 24 hours because the aircraft cannot take off after making an ' overweight landing' . The London- Mumbai flight was forced to land due to a medical emergency. It requires clearance from engineers at the airport because it landed with an additional 20 tonnes of fuel instead of minimum weight. 
Reacting to PM Narendra Modi? s statement that he is " UP? s adopted son" , RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav said that if he? s UP? s adopted son then he should reveal who is his father. " For the sake of votes he is linking relations with every state, " he said. Earlier, PM Modi had said that he has blood relation with Punjab. 
As per reports, actors Akshay Kumar and Hrithik Roshan will feature together in an upcoming film. A source quoted, " They have found a great script which is perfect and they both have lead roles. " In an earlier interview, Akshay had said that he is open to the idea of doing a film which features two actors in lead roles. 
West Indies all- rounder Marlon Samuels has been cleared to bowl in international cricket after his action was found to be legal following reanalysis. The 36- year- old was last reported for suspect bowling action during the Galle Test against Sri Lanka in October 2015 and was subsequently suspended for 12 months in December 2015. 
Former Indian cricket team director Ravi Shastri said that a few nations' cricket boards are making a big mistake by trying to take advantage of the current mess that the BCCI is in. " My warning to such people is, beware. . . This state of flux will not last for long. BCCI will be back where they belong very very soon, " Shastri said. 
Diners at an Indian restaurant in England were forced to leave mid- way after health inspectors discovered a cockroach infestation. German cockroaches were found in the food store and freezers at Sand' s of Glenfield. A notice on the restaurant door said, " We are. . . taking all the necessary steps to ensure that we provide the best possible environment for our valued guests. " 
The Taapsee Pannu and Amit Sadh starrer ' Running Shaadi' , which released on Friday, " is great in patches. . . " , wrote India Today. Hindustan Times wrote, " The film has its moments, but they are too few to keep you engrossed" , while Times of India said, " The story is funny. . . the performances up to the mark. " It was rated 3/ 5 ( India Today, TOI) and 2/ 5 ( HT) . 
AIMIM President Asaduddin Owaisi said both UP CM Akhilesh Yadav and former Gujarat CM Narendra Modi failed to stop riots in their states. " Riots happened in Muzaffarnagar but the CM failed to provide justice to victims. How does it make him any different from Modi? " he asked. " Akhilesh is grabbing Muslim votes by scaring them with BJP' s name, " he added. 
The Home Ministry has reportedly returned a bill moved by the Delhi government for a salary hike up to 400% for its MLAs. The ministry has sought more clarifications regarding the provisions included in the bill. As per reports, the MHA has said that the burden on exchequer would not commensurate to the revenues of the Delhi government. 
The Bellandur Lake in Bengaluru caught fire again on Thursday, enveloping the area in smoke. " Usually, a pile of garbage strewn around the lake is set on fire, but yesterday. . . the smoke started billowing and surrounding the lake in the evening, " Karnataka Fire Department Deputy Director KU Ramesh said. Notably, there are toxic pollutants and foam in the lake. 
Criticising PM Narendra Modi for his " false promises" , Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan on Thursday said, " Badshah ( king) never tells lies and if he does, he is not a badshah" . " The Prime Minister made a false promise to people that ( black) money ( stashed in foreign banks) will be deposited in their bank accounts but nothing of the sort happened, " he added. 
Manchester City have been fined ? 29 lakh and warned about future conduct after the club admitted to having breached anti- doping rules, according to Football Association' s statement. The Manchester club failed to ensure the accuracy of their anti- doping " club whereabouts" information. FA requires all clubs to provide, on request, training dates, training venues and players' overnight addresses. 
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, in a recent radio interview, said that he finds actress Pamela Anderson an attractive person. Assange added, " I like her, she is great. I am not gonna go into private details. " Reports of the two dating surfaced online when Anderson was spotted visiting Assange in Ecuadorian Embassy, London. 
Former Greece goalkeeper Antonis Nikopolidis is mentoring a football team of refugees named Hope, called Elpida in Greek. UEFA, the governing body for soccer in Europe, has awarded grants to assist refugees in 15 countries, with some of Greece' s share sponsoring Hope. The team, consisting of players who fled Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Afghanistan, compete in amateur leagues on Sundays. 
Ashish Nehra has shared anecdotes from his early cricketing days with Virender Sehwag, when both of them would go to Delhi' s Feroz Shah Kotla stadium on a scooter. " Viru would come to my house early and wake me up. . . He would drive to the ground while I would nap, and I would drive back on the return journey. , " said Nehra. 
A poster of Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray and Congress President Sonia Gandhi has been released on social media to show the collaboration between the two parties for the upcoming Zilla Parishad elections in Raigad district. Congress, Shiv Sena and local parties have reportedly formed a united front against the NCP there. 
In some temples of Fatehabad district, Haryana, Gods like Lord Shiva, Radha- Krishna duo, and others, were sent legal notices by the municipal council asking them to file property tax returns. The tax amount ranged from ? 4, 000 to ? 3 lakh. Notably, the deities were asked to pay the tax depending on the land occupied by their temple. 
Inderjit Singh Reyat, the only person convicted in the case related to the bombing of Air India flight 182, called Emperor Kanishka, in 1985 has been released by the Parole Board of Canada. Reyat had served two- thirds of a nine- year jail sentence for perjury in connection with the bombing of Air India flight 182 that killed 329 people. 
India- born US- based designer Premal Badiani showcased her latest collection titled ' Root Cause' , which is made from wood pulp, at the New York Fashion Week. She showcased her line in a virtual presentation. The collection aims to bring awareness about the human impact on the environment and to promote social responsibility by adopting sustainable fashion as a lifestyle choice. 
Congress on Wednesday lodged a complaint with the Election Commission against BJP for allegedly offering to finance the poll campaign of Independent candidate Irom Sharmila in Manipur. The party demanded a thorough probe into the allegations and strict action including criminal prosecution. Notably, Sharmila had accused BJP of offering her ? 36 crore for her campaign. 
The Bihar Cabinet on Wednesday passed a proposed amendment to the state service rules forbidding government employees from consuming alcohol anywhere in the state. The service rules earlier prohibited government servants from consuming alcohol or any other intoxicant at workplace only. Notably, this comes after the Bihar government imposed a liquor- ban policy across the state in April last year. 
Punjab Congress President Captain Amarinder Singh on Thursday demanded an independent probe into Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal' s " nexus" with militants and gangsters in the state. These " dangerous" links pose a " major threat to Punjab' s security and safety" , he asserted. Notably, this comes after Nabha jailbreak mastermind Gurpreet Singh Sekhon' s recent arrest from the alleged house of an AAP worker. 
Five new judges were appointed to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, taking its working strength to 28. The new judges elevated to the apex court include four chief justices of state high courts and a sitting Karnataka High Court judge. Notably, the Supreme Court has a total sanctioned strength of 31 judges. 
The AIIMS, New Delhi has won the first prize among all central government hospitals and a ? 5 crore cash reward for maintaining high standards of sanitation and hygiene under the Centre' s Kayakalp awards. North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences in Shillong bagged the second prize while PGIMER, Chandigarh received the third prize. 
The Border Security Force ( BSF) has seized fake ? 2, 000 notes worth ? 2 lakh from West Bengal' s Malda district. This comes after the BSF arrested a fake currency racketeer, identified as Umar Faruq, from Churiantpur border outpost in Malda. The police interrogated him and he informed them that the delivery of fake notes from Bangladesh was scheduled for late Tuesday night. 
A bill has been tabled in the Lok Sabha which caps the number of guests to be invited and dishes to be served in weddings. In the proposed law, if a family spends above ? 5 lakh, it has to contribute 10% of the amount on marriages of girls from poor families. The bill was tabled by Congress MP Ranjeet Ranjan. 
Veteran actress Rekha will hand over actor Shah Rukh Khan the fourth Yash Chopra Memorial Award during a ceremony which will be held on February 25. The award commemorates the late director- producer by honouring excellence in various spheres of cinema like acting and music. Rekha will give the award along with Maharashtra Governor C Vidyasagar Rao. 
Australian allrounder Glenn Maxwell has said he would not risk provoking Indian captain Virat Kohli in the upcoming four- Test series starting February 23. " I am probably not going to say anything to him, that is for sure, " said Maxwell. Talking about Australia' s strategy to counter Kohli, Maxwell added, " [ H] opefully. . we can create that doubt and get him wondering about his technique. " 
With over 1. 1 crore web application attacks in the fourth quarter of 2016, India is one of the top target countries for web application attacks, according to a report by US- based content delivery network provider Akamai Technologies. While India ranked fourth, US topped the list with over 24 crore web application attacks in the country. 
The ' Ib' railway station, located near Jharsuguda in Odisha, and ' Od' railway station in Gujarat have the shortest railway station names in India, consisting of only two letters. Meanwhile, the ' Venkatanarasimharajuvaripeta' railway station located in Andhra Pradesh is known to have the longest railway station name in India with 28 letters. 
Six- time Grand Slam champion Boris Becker has said that Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova has paid her dues and deserves a second chance when she returns to tennis at the end of her 15- month doping ban. Five- time Grand Slam champion Sharapova is set to return to tennis in April in Stuttgart, where she has won a title on three occasions. 
The crime branch of Delhi Police has busted a gang of four alleged carjackers who learned how to rob cars by playing Grand Theft Auto game on Playstation. This gang allegedly committed five car robberies within 48 hours in west, northwest and outer Delhi. The arrested people include two adults and two juveniles, the police informed. 
An Uber taxi was set on fire by protesters on Tuesday in Ghaziabad amidst the ongoing strike by drivers of app- based cab aggregators in Delhi NCR demanding better pay. The protesters allegedly hurled stones at the car to stop it and poured some inflammable substance before setting it afire. Earlier, Delhi High Court restrained drivers' unions from blocking the cabs. 
A restaurant owner in Italy has been offering families a 5% discount if their children are well- behaved. Antonio Ferrari, who does not have children of his own, estimated that about 30% of parents do not know how to handle their children at lunchtime. However, the 40- year- old said he was not being judgemental, adding, " I imagine how difficult parenting is today. " 
Union Minister Giriraj Singh on Tuesday claimed that Christians are " silently" converting people at a large scale in India. " In 1947, Hindus were almost 90% of the population. But as per a latest media survey, we are only 72% at present, " he said. " If opposition parties extend their cooperation, a law can be brought to control the population, " he added. 
Addressing a rally ahead of BMC polls, MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday alleged Shiv Sena is using its Founder Balasaheb Thackeray? s name to hide its corruption. He further said Sena wants to usurp the plush sea- facing Mayor Bungalow under the name of Balasaheb memorial. " And they ( Sena) plan to shift the Mayor inside the Zoo premises, " he added. 
The Central Information Commission has ordered the Home Ministry to answer whether Indian National Army soldiers, who supported Subhas Chandra Bose, were freedom fighters or army deserters. An RTI has sought details on the status of INA soldiers. MHA should answer whether it was ready to provide same benefits such as pension to the INA soldiers, said CIC. 
After the Supreme Court made it mandatory to play the National Anthem in all cinema halls, a petition by an apex court lawyer has demanded " equal respect and status" for National Song Vande Mataram. " On January 24, 1950, Jana Gana Mana and Vande Mataram both songs were adopted of equal honour with each other and equal status, " said the petitioner. n
BJP leaders were caught dozing off during former Bihar Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi' s weekly Janta Durbar in Patna on Tuesday which was held to address people' s grievances. Ex- Bihar minister Renu Kushwaha and her politician husband Vijay Kumar Singh apparently slept during the 30- minute press conference. Renu had quit JD( U) and had unsuccessfully contested Bihar Assembly election on BJP ticket. 
A Congress leader was shot dead by a couple of unidentified persons in Maharashtra' s Bhiwandi on Monday, police said. Identified as Manoj Mhatre, the party leader was attacked with sharp weapons by the assailants before being shot at from point blank range, it added. Notably, there had been an attempt on his life earlier as well, police added. 
Over 14, 000 cases of bonded labour have been received since 1993 to January 31, 2017, out of which 13, 266 were disposed of, NHRC has reported. It would be wrong to think bonded labour is a thing of past, as it can be found even today in not only agriculture but also in other sectors, said NHRC Chairperson HL Dattu. 
The NDA government has " not waived even a single paisa" of any industrialist and Rahul Gandhi is levelling " false allegations" in this regard, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday. Rahul Gandhi has been alleging that the government waived ? 1 lakh crore loan of 50 top industrial houses in the country, but his statement is totally wrong, Jaitley stated. 
Crime in Delhi increased for the third straight year in 2016 and three out of every four cases went unsolved, according to official data. Women made a distress call to the helplines every nine minutes on an average, a molestation complaint was received every two hours and a rape case was registered every four hours, the data revealed. 
India witnessed the maximum bombings worldwide in 2016, according to a report by the National Bomb Data Centre. While there were 406 bombing incidents, including IED and ordnance explosive blasts, in India, Iraq came second with almost half the number at 221. Notably, Pakistan witnessed 161 bombing incidents in 2016, followed by Afghanistan at 132 and Turkey at 92. 
Actress Disha Patani is being worshipped by students of Hindu college in Delhi, in hopes of losing their virginity in the next six months. The celebration is an annual event on Valentine' s Day as a popular actress is chosen to be worshipped as ' Damdami Mai' . " As always, condoms will be used to decorate the virgin tree, " said a student. 
A GoAir flight from Mumbai with over 180 people on board had to make an emergency landing following engine trouble. However, the aircraft landed safely and no one was hurt. Notably, this is the second incident involving a GoAir flight, where the plane had to make an emergency landing due to issues in its engine. 
The Haryana government has sought from the Centre 5, 600 paramilitary personnel to deal with Jat quota stir. The agitation in Haryana seeking reservation in education and government jobs entered its 17th day on Tuesday. Though agitation has been peaceful so far, but the Jat leaders have threatened to intensify the stir after February 19 if demands were not met. 
Actress Amy Jackson' s phone was hacked and personal pictures were leaked online. It was reportedly hacked at a mobile store in Mumbai, where she halted for her connecting flight from London to Chennai. " I was shocked when this happened. . . I will register a complaint with cyber crime cell in London and ensure the hackers are taken to task, " said Amy. 
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday stayed the AAP government' s nursery admission norm, which made it mandatory for private unaided schools to accept admission forms based on the neighbourhood criteria. Justice Manmohan termed the notification as " arbitrary, unreasonable and against public interest. " The notification gave priority to people living within a radius of 1 kilometre from the school. 
The annual report of Delhi Police released on Monday revealed that over 1. 12 lakh complaints were received by its anti- corruption helpline against police personnel and only 307 of these cases were investigated. It makes up only 0. 27% of the total complaints received. The complaints allege corruption among personnel, inaction over FIRs and rude behaviour by the police. 
The Supreme Court on Tuesday sentenced AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala to four years imprisonment in the disproportionate assets case. With this, she stands disqualified to take over as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu and also she cannot contest any election for a period of 10 years. Notably, the apex court has asked her to surrender immediately. 
Bajrang Dal in West Bengal and Odisha has warned youth to not celebrate Valentine' s Day, stating they would marry off couples who are found venturing into parks, malls or public places. " The boys and girls indulging in indiscriminate obscene acts in the name of celebration is a social crime and is against our Indian culture, " a Bajrang Dal activist stated. 
A wildfire on Sunday broke out in the US state of Oklahoma, burning around 600 acres of land and forcing the evacuation of hundreds of people in nearby areas and parts of the adjoining state of Texas. With no injuries reported, the state is under a national fire advisory through February 14 because of high risks for wildfires. 
At least 16 people, including a police DIG and an SSP, were killed and 40 others were injured in a bomb explosion outside the Punjab Assembly in Lahore, Pakistan, according to reports. The explosion occurred during a protest by chemists and pharmaceuticals against the government, reports added. Pakistani Taliban' s faction Jamaat- ul- Ahrar reportedly claimed responsibility for the blast. 
Assam Additional Advocate General, Devajit Saikia has been barred from entering the state Assembly for two weeks for allegedly clicking and uploading a selfie on his Facebook page when the house was in session. He was seated in the speaker' s gallery. The matter has been forwarded to the Privilege Committee, which will submit a report within two weeks. 
Edible oil manufacturer Ruchi Soya' s shares surged nearly 20% on Monday after the firm announced it has signed agreements with Baba Ramdev- promoted Patanjali Ayurved for physical refining and packaging of edible oils. Ruchi Soya is currently the country' s leading agriculture and food FMCG company with a turnover of $ 4 billion. Its leading brands include Nutrela, Mahakosh and Sunrich, among others. 
Leading stock exchange NSE has proposed a pay package of ? 8 crore per annum for its new CEO Vikram Limaye. Limaye' s annual pay would be nearly double that of the total remuneration earned by the chiefs of rivals BSE and MSEI. At a meeting, NSE will seek shareholders' approval for Limaye' s appointment for five years and his remuneration package. 
The CEO of Infosys Vishal Sikka on Monday said that he has always shared a " heartfelt, warm relationship" with the company' s Co- founder Narayana Murthy. Describing Murthy as an " incredible man" , Sikka said, " I meet Mr Murthy quite frequently. . . probably meet him 5- 6 times a year. " He further said that his relationship with the company' s founders is " wonderful" . 
As per reports, Shah Rukh Khan will have a cameo role in the upcoming film ' Baahubali: The Conclusion' . Reportedly, the director of the film franchise SS Rajamouli is currently in talks with Shah Rukh for the role. The epic historical fiction film, which is the continuation of ' Baahubali: The Beginning' , will feature Prabhas, Rana Daggubati and Anushka Shetty among others. 
Sachin Tendulkar announced on Twitter that his biopic, ' Sachin: A Billion Dreams' will release on May 26. Incidentally, this is the same date, Sachin announced his IPL retirement in 2013. " The answer to the question that everyone' s asking me is here. Mark your calendars and save the date, " Sachin tweeted. The James Erskine- directed movie features music by AR Rahman. 
A photograph of Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan' s son Taimur, which is reportedly Saif' s display picture on WhatsApp, has surfaced online. However, the authenticity of the photograph could not be verified. In an earlier interview, Kareena had said that Taimur is the most gorgeous man on this side of the equator. 
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy on Monday accused ' certain Union Ministers' of meddling with the political affairs of Tamil Nadu. He also filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court seeking the appointment of AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala as the state' s Chief Minister. Swamy, however, refused to name the ministers who were taking ' undue interest' in the ongoing political crisis. 
As per reports, actress Katrina Kaif will turn producer to launch her younger sister Isabel in Bollywood. Earlier, reports of rumoured ex- boyfriend Salman Khan launching Isabel in Bollywood had emerged online. Notably, Isabel made her debut in films with ' Dr Cabbie' , a Canadian romantic comedy, which was co- produced by Salman Khan. 
Samajwadi Party' s Alapur candidate, Chandrashekhar Kanaujia, died following a heart attack during an election campaign event on Sunday in Ambedkar Nagar. He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. Notably, the Samajwadi Party had given Kanaujia the ticket against its current legislator Bhim Prasad Sonkar. The constituency will go for polling on February 27. 
Considering the high levels of smog in NCR, the Haryana government is in talks with a Holland- based company to set up smog- free towers in Gurugram and Faridabad. Notably, the two districts contribute nearly one- fifth of the air pollution in the region. A smog- free tower is a seven- metre- high air purifier with an effective range of 300 m to 7 km. 
The passenger who allegedly opened the emergency exit of a Chandigarh- bound IndiGo flight before takeoff was released on a surety of ? 15, 000 on Saturday. Airport Police said 31- year- old Akshay Rameshkumar Mohan was released as this was a bailable offence. IndiGo had earlier claimed that a passenger suddenly opened the emergency exit and inflated the slide, causing injury to a co- passenger. 
Indian Air Force will induct the country' s first indigenous all- weather airborne early warning and control ( AEW& C) system, also called the ' eye in the sky' , on February 14, the first day of Aero India 2017. The system will have the capability to detect incoming fighters, cruise missiles and even drones from both Pakistan and China, according to reports. 
The lowest salary of a government employee rose 32, 627% , from ? 55 to ? 18, 000, in the last 70 years. Meanwhile, the senior government employees' salary has risen from ? 2, 000 to ? 2. 5 lakh since independence, a 12, 400% rise. The Seventh Pay Commission had recommended an over 14% increase in the basic pay of government employees, which was accepted by the Centre. 
Indian cricketer Cheteshwar Pujara feels that Ravichandran Ashwin " thinks like a batsman" , which makes him such a dangerous bowler. " The kind of brain he has, he thinks as a batsman, what are his weaknesses and areas he needs to bowl. I think it is his experience that makes him one of the strike bowlers in this team, " Pujara said. 
Rajasthan minister Vasudev Devnani said that people of the state will not allow distorting queen Padmavati' s history. Referring to Bhansali' s film Padmavati' s shoot, he added, " If someone does not want to shoot their film here, so be it. " Padmavati' s set was vandalised by Karni Sena following reports of a romantic scene between Padmavati ( Deepika Padukone) and Alauddin Khilji ( Ranveer Singh) . 
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat said on Saturday that no one has the right to judge the patriotism of others. " Even if you think that you are running the show in the country, you cannot measure anybody' s patriotism or come out with a judgement, " he added. Bhagwat further said that patriotism does not have an existence of its own. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked his ministers to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, according to reports. The exercise is said to be aimed at ascertaining whether the ministers promoted demonetisation and other initiatives of the government. The Prime Minister reportedly gave the directive at a recent Cabinet meeting. 
An accused in the ? 3, 700 crore Noida trading scam has told the police that the company had planned an Australia tour for 150 distributors, which included sky- diving, reports said. The company' s director said it was a promotional tour to motivate the distributors. Notably, the scam duped seven lakh people on the pretext of earning money by liking Facebook pages. 
As per reports, the Akshay Kumar starrer ' Jolly LLB 2' has been banned by Pakistani censor board for referring to the Kashmir militancy issue. As per a source, in the film, Akshay comes across the case of a man who is killed and declared a Kashmiri militant, while the real Kashmiri militant goes into hiding, which was not acceptable to the board. 
Samajwadi Party patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday campaigned for his brother Shivpal Singh Yadav in Etawah and also sought votes for a Lok Dal candidate. He, however, did not mention UP CM Akhilesh Yadav' s name. This came amid reports that some Mulayam' s loyalists, who were denied tickets by the SP, are now contesting on the Lok Dal ticket. 
While addressing a rally in Uttarakhand, PM Narendra Modi highlighted the corruptness of Congress and said that it turned the state from a " Devbhoomi" to a " loot- bhoomi" . The appointed people lost no opportunity to make personal gains and were caught on camera, he added. Modi was referring to a sting operation, which showed CM Harish Rawat offering bribes to MLAs. 
The Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) has claimed that the Election Commission failed to curb the use of money power in the Assembly elections in Goa. " I will say it on record that the Election Commission has miserably failed to stop distribution of money and liquor across Goa on the eve of the polls, " said AAP' s chief ministerial candidate Elvis Gomes. n
Tony Aarts, a Florida- based golfer, used his golf putter club to beat an alligator that attacked him and caught him by the ankle as he was approaching the fourth hole at the golf course. The alligator dragged Aarts into a nearby water hazard, before his eye socket was attacked by Aarts which caused the animal to loosen its jaw. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has reportedly asked the Ministry of Defence to initiate theatre commands for the military, which would put the troops and resources of the three forces under one officer. New initiatives, including the appointment of a four- star general to look after the issues of the armed forces, would also be taken by the end of the year. 
Microsoft' s India- born CEO Satya Nadella while talking about the importance of diversity and inclusion at a recent event said inclusion at his company shows up in every meeting, starting with him. " Microsoft has to look like everyone and every organisation in the world, " said Nadella. " Inclusion is a cultural piece we all have to work on every day, " he added. 
Actor Shahid Kapoor has revealed that his wife Mira Rajput would prefer to have a second child soon. " She wants to flip the norm, get the kids to a certain age and then be free to do what she likes, " he added. Shahid further revealed their first child, Misha, was not planned but they were ready for it. 
Karan Johar revealed that he is afraid to go out for dinner with another man as the media reaches everywhere. He added, " If you go out. . . with a man, ( it' s assumed) you are sleeping with him. . . two men cannot be out for dinner just as friends. " In his biography, Karan has written that he was traumatised by rumours linking him and Shah Rukh Khan. 
Realty portal PropTiger has said that its monthly average housing sales fell 40% during November- December 2016 in top nine cities because of the government' s demonetisation move. New home launches fell 49% in the period, the company added. News Corp- backed PropTiger, which recently merged with real estate search portal Housing, laid off 200 employees this week in a restructuring exercise. 
The website of the Ministry of Home Affairs was hacked on Sunday, prompting the National Informatics Centre to temporarily block it, an official said. Meanwhile, the computer emergency response teams are looking into the incident. In January, the website of National Security Guard ( NSG) was hacked by suspected Pakistan- affiliated operatives and anti- India content was posted on it. 
The Centre has apprised the Supreme Court that it could not grant permission to private FM community radio service operators to broadcast news content as it could threaten national security. " Several anti- national radical elements within the country and also from abroad could misuse it for propagating their agenda, " the Centre has stated. 
The world' s oldest working steam locomotive in regular operation, 162- year- old Fairy Queen, has been re- inducted into service by the Indian Railways. The train took its first journey in five years on Saturday, travelling from Delhi Cantonment to Haryana' s Rewari. Constructed in 1855 by Kitson, Thompson, and Hewitson in England, the Fairy Queen was brought to Calcutta ( now Kolkata) in 1855. 
According to a report filed with the Tamil Nadu police, state Agriculture Minister R Duraikannu has gone missing. The complainant, a person named Magalingam, alleged that AIADMK General Secretary Sasikala Natrajan' s family was hiding the minister. Meanwhile, amid the ongoing power struggle in the state, several AIADMK leaders extended their support to Chief Minister O Panneerselvam on Saturday. 
Nobel Laureate Kailash Satyarthi' s Nobel Peace Prize replica and its citation along with other valuables, which were stolen from his house in Delhi' s Alaknanda earlier this week, has been recovered by the Delhi Police. The police have also arrested three persons in the case. The theft had taken place when Satyarthi was attending an event abroad. 
AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala has said that the party has waited patiently till now and will do what is required after a point ? a statement reportedly being seen as a threat to the Governor. Sasikala has also said the delay seems deliberate and hinted that as time goes by, her grip over the herded MLAs was slipping. 
Actor Kamal Haasan has said that if he ever enters politics in Tamil Nadu, he and his men are so angry that they will come with guns. " Tamil Nadu has not had the best of service from politicians for more than 60 years now. . . . They are taking it too lightly because they have been charlatans for too long, " added Kamal. 
Russia' s Mariya Savinova- Farnosova has been stripped of her 800- metre London 2012 Olympic gold after the Court of Arbitration for Sport on Friday imposed a four- year ban saying there was " clear evidence" she used performance- enhancing drugs. All of Savinova' s results from July 26, 2010, to August 19, 2013, have been disqualified, stripping off her 2011 world championships gold among other medals. 
Union HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar has said that the quality of primary public education is deteriorating and added that people are forgetting that scientists, entrepreneurs, and politicians today have all attended local schools. " 100% Right To Education is a must. One major fallacy of the RTE was that whoever entered the school just wanted to ' finish' it, " he added. 
Railway Board official Mohammed Jamshed has reportedly stated that in the first 40 days of 2017, there have already been 16 cases of train sabotage. Terming the number " abnormally high" , Jamshed further said that most of these instances have occurred in non- traditional Left- wing extremism affected areas, and don? t carry the signature of Maoist subversive activities. 
In a bid to avoid additional pressure on the troops, outgoing CRPF Director General K Durga Prasad has refused the ceremonial farewell parade planned for his retirement. " As such the CRPF is stretched. Then is the additional responsibility of ongoing elections, " the 1981 batch IPS officer said. He instead visited the troops and tried to address their concerns, Prasad added. 
The two- day UNESCO Natural Heritage Festival began on Saturday at Great Himalayan National Park in Sai Ropa, Himachal Pradesh. The Wildlife Institute of India said the festival will feature a media workshop on environmental journalism, discussions on natural and cultural heritage of the Himalayan region and a heritage walk. Notably, GHNP was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2014. 
Social media users have criticised the cover of the 125th- anniversary issue of fashion magazine ' Vogue' for an alleged lack of diversity. The cover has featured only one plus- size model, Ashley Graham. Readers have also accused ' Vogue' of featuring only light to medium skin- toned models. Further, it has been slammed for reportedly photoshopping Gigi Hadid' s arm to cover Graham' s torso. 
Kolkata- based automaker Hindustan Motors on Friday sold the iconic Ambassador car brand to French car manufacturer Peugeot in a deal worth ? 80 crore. Hindustan Motors began manufacturing the Ambassador car in 1958, which was also used by several Prime Ministers. The production of the car stopped nearly three years ago in May 2014. 
Senior AIADMK leader E Madhusudhanan, who was expelled from party? s Presidium Chairman post on Friday, said that it was he who had sacked VK Sasikala from the party before she expelled him. He has also written to the Election Commission not to recognise Sasikala as AIADMK General Secretary. Madhusudhanan was sacked for supporting Interim CM O Panneerselvam. 
Upset over frivolous petitions being filed in the Supreme Court, Chief Justice JS Khehar on Friday imposed a fine of ? 10 lakh on a Bihar MLA and ? 1 lakh on a Maharashtra professor. " Look at my white beard. After reading all this I feel tired also. So please, " he said. Notably, SC has a backlog of over 61, 000 cases. 
The Delhi High Court on Friday observed that priests should give devotees one or two seconds to communicate with God and should not obstruct them while managing the crowd. " There' s only a fraction of a second for a person to view the deity? here the fraction of a second is not unobstructed, " the court said in regards to Kalkaji Temple in Delhi. 
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has announced relief measures for those affected by the central government' s demonetisation policy. Bengal Finance Minister Amit Mitra announced that the state government will provide a one- time grant of ? 50, 000 to those adversely affected by note ban in order to " enable them to start an alternative business" . 
As per reports, actor Rajinikanth has been advised by senior RSS ideologue S Gurumurthy to launch his political party. Sources suggest that Gurumurthy' s proposal is part of BJP' s plan to enter Tamil Nadu. While Rajinikanth is currently seeking opinion from his well- wishers, reportedly, actor Amitabh Bachchan has advised him against joining politics. 
Commenting on Sri Lankan cricket team' s recent away performances, former captain Sanath Jayasuriya said that SL do not produce champion cricketers as much as they did in the past. " We should be able to play under any conditions, not just at home, " he added. Notably, SL were whitewashed 0- 3 by South Africa in the recently concluded Test series. 
Former Australian spinner Shane Warne has said ex- English skipper Alastair Cook is " one of those guys you would not mind your daughter marrying" . Talking on Cook stepping down from captaincy, Warne said, " He' s respected and he is gone about it with a lot of class. He went through some tough times when a lot of us, me included, thought he was not suited. " 
AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala on Friday removed party' s Presidium Chairman E Madhusudhanan for supporting Tamil Nadu Interim CM O Panneerselvam. She has appointed KA Sengottaiyan as the new Presidium Chairman. Madhusudhanan had earlier alleged that every member of Sasikala' s extended family is in control of the party, adding he always opposed the family rule of the DMK. 
UK- based scientists studied the communication calls of ' Orangutans' , one of our closest ancestors. ' Kiss- squeaks' were analysed to understand t, p, k consonants as their sound depends on tongue- lip movement, rather than voice. They found that different signals were sometimes used to carry same information to reinforce a message like humans use ' car, vehicle, automobile' to convey the same meaning. 
The Akshay Kumar and Huma Qureshi starrer film ' Jolly LLB 2' , which released on Friday, " feels stretched at times, " wrote India Today. Hindustan Times said the " theme, not Akshay Kumar, is the star of this satire" . NDTV wrote that " Akshay Kumar' s film is both funny and thought- provoking" . The film has been rated 3/ 5 ( Hindustan Times, NDTV) and 3. 5/ 5 ( India Today) . 
Two teenagers in Delhi saved the lives of 194 people when they spotted a fire on the tail of a Bengaluru- bound GoAir flight on Wednesday evening, officials said. The Delhi Police was alerted, following which the flight captain was informed and the aircraft made an emergency landing at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in the capital. 
Actor Neil Nitin Mukesh got married to Rukmini Sahay on Thursday in Udaipur. Rukmini wore a red and orange lehenga embellished with stones, resham and sadhi work, while Neil wore a gold and maroon sherwani for the wedding. Both outfits were designed by Sarath Krishnan. Bollywood celebrities including Rishi Kapoor and Pamela Chopra, late Yash Chopra' s wife, attended the wedding. 
Actor Shahid Kapoor' s half- brother Ishaan Khattar took to Instagram to share the first poster of his debut film titled ' Beyond The Clouds' . The film has been directed by Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi. This is the Oscar nominated filmmaker' s first ever film in India. " Ishaan is extremely talented and. . . he will have a bright future in the film industry, " said Majidi. 
The Varanasi administration has denied permission to allow Rahul Gandhi and Akhilesh Yadav to hold a joint roadshow in Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s Lok Sabha constituency for the second time. However, the SP- Congress alliance claims that it has been called off as it coincides with the birth- anniversary of Guru Ravidas, an annual function wherein huge crowds gather in Varanasi. 
Mehbooba Mufti- led BJP- PDP government has opposed the creation of a minority commission in Jammu and Kashmir. " In the absence of a minority commission, the benefits exclusively meant for the minority communities are being given away to the majority Muslim community, " a PIL filed in the Supreme Court had stated. Several states, UTs have not set up minority commission, said the government. 
An Alaska Airlines flight attendant has revealed that she once rescued a teenage girl who was a victim of human trafficking. Shelia Fedrick said she became concerned when she saw a dishevelled girl travelling beside an older, well- dressed man. The man was arrested after Fedrick left a note for the teenager in the bathroom, who replied saying she needed help. 
Nineteen- year- old Rishabh Pant has been named the captain of the Delhi one- day team, replacing Gautam Gambhir. Pant, whose first assignment as captain will be the upcoming Vijay Hazare Trophy, made his debut for India in the final T20I against England, becoming India' s youngest player in T20I cricket. Notably, Pant was the fourth- highest run- scorer in Ranji Trophy 2016- 17. 
Ahead of the first phase of polling in UP to be held on February 11, Jama Masjid Shahi Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari has urged the Muslim community to support Mayawati- led BSP. " I met Mulayam several times on the issue of reservation to Muslims and Netaji brought the same to the notice of Akhilesh Yadav but he did nothing, " he said. 
A report by an independent bipartisan American body, sponsored by the US Commission on International Religious Freedom ( USCIRF) , has alleged that under Modi regime, religious minority communities have been subject to derogatory comments. " Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, and Jains generally are fearful of what the future portends. Dalits also are increasingly being attacked, " the report added. n
Sheena Bora murder case accused Indrani Mukerjea has allegedly forged her husband Peter Mukerjea? s signature to grab joint accounts and fixed deposits, reports have claimed. In a letter showing Peter? s signature, it was stated that the latter was relinquishing his rights over his two bank accounts. However, when Peter was informed about it, he denied signing any such letter. 
Chinaman, in layman' s term, is considered to be a leg- spin delivery by a left- arm bowler. While an orthodox leg- spin delivery turns away from a right- handed batsman, a chinaman delivery brings the ball back to the right- handed batsman. Also known as left- arm unorthodox spin, a chinaman delivery usually turns sharply owing to the spin imparted by the wrist. 
Pakistan on Thursday claimed that India is building a " secret nuclear city" and has accumulated a stockpile of nuclear weapons which threatens to undermine the strategic balance of power in the region. Foreign Office ( FO) spokesman Nafees Zakaria made the remarks at the weekly press briefing while expressing concern over the " Indian defence buildup" . However, India has rubbished Pakistan' s claims. 
As per reports, SS Rajamouli, the director of film franchise ' Baahubali' is planning to cast actors Aamir Khan, Rajinikanth and Mohanlal in his upcoming project based on the epic ' Mahabharata' . A source revealed, " He is yet to decide on the characters these stars will portray. " Reportedly, the film will be made on a budget of ? 400 crore. 
Delhi government is set to improve facilities on foot- over- bridges and subways for pedestrian convenience, according to reports. The new bridges will have ramps, escalators and even glass- door elevators. The government might also allot space for shops in subways to generate revenue. Apart from revamping, there are also plans of constructing 60 more bridges. 
Hitachi Payment Services on Thursday confirmed its systems were hit by malware in 2016, that let hackers steal information from 32 lakh debit cards in India. A loss of ? 1. 3 crore was suffered by over 600 customers in one of India' s biggest cyber security breaches. The compromise period has been identified between May 21 and July 11, 2016. 
Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Wednesday said that the government will soon launch a WhatsApp number to let people complain against those consuming alcohol in public places. Sisodia added that over 1, 500 people have been caught as part of an ongoing awareness campaign against drinking in public in the national capital since November 7. 
The Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) personnel staffed at Terminal 1 and 3 of Delhi Airport will now wear suits instead of standard force uniform, according to reports. They have been asked to wear blazers and trousers with a white shirt and tie. The dress code will be implemented at other airports too based on passenger response, said an official. 
Karun Nair has become the fourth player in cricket history to miss a Test after scoring a triple century in his previous match. Karun, who became India' s second Test triple centurion in the Chennai Test against England in December, was replaced by Ajinkya Rahane, who returned from an injury. Inzamam- ul- Haq was the last triple centurion to be dropped, in 2002. 
Television actress Shruti Ulfat has been arrested for posting a video on social media in October 2016 featuring a protected cobra species. Reportedly, the snake was used during the shooting of her television show ' Nagarjuna- Ek Yodhha' . Ulfat has been charged under Wildlife Protection Act 1972, according to which using the cobra for shooting or in pictures is an offence. nnnnn
Former Pakistani captain Javed Miandad has claimed that Pakistan cricket' s decline has been due to the foreign coaches who have been employed by the Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB) . Miandad, who coached Pakistan thrice in 1999, 2000 and 2003/ 04, had given the PCB a comprehensive restructuring plan to solve Pakistan cricket' s problems during his time as PCB' s cricket director. 
Doctors at Apollo Hospital, Delhi cured a 13- year- old boy suffering from perpetual jaundice. In this rare condition, the liver does not produce an enzyme needed to break down a yellowish by- product of body' s processes. The boy had to spend 12- 15 hours per day under blue lights to help break it down, leaving liver transplant as the only option, doctors said. 
During a speech in Madhya Pradesh on Wednesday, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat said every person born in India is a Hindu. " Even Muslims are Hindus by nationality, they are Muslims by faith only, " Bhagwat added. " Just as the English live in England, Americans in America and Germans in Germany, Hindus live in Hindustan, " Bhagwat further said. 
JD( U) leader Sharad Yadav on Thursday said PM Narendra Modi crossed limits of decency in his remark on former PM Manmohan Singh. " Had someone else said it, it would have been different. PM should not have said so, it was in bad taste, " Yadav added. Modi had said that only Manmohan knows how to take bath while wearing a raincoat. 
Almost 20 years after the Uphaar theatre fire, the Supreme Court on Thursday partially reviewed its previous judgement and awarded a one- year jail term to the theatre owner Gopal Ansal. He has been given four week' s time to surrender. Considering the age, his elder brother Sushil Ansal' s ( 75) sentence was reduced to 5 months, which he has already served. 
Actress Sagarika Ghatge, commenting on rumours of dating former Indian cricketer Zaheer Khan, said that she is in a very happy space right now. The couple made their first public appearance together at cricketer Yuvraj Singh and actress Hazel Keech' s wedding in December 2016. Sagarika, who made her Bollywood debut with 2007 film ' Chak de! India' , will feature next in ' Irada' . nnn
Over 1000 new words, including net neutrality and facepalm, were recently added to the Merriam- Webster Dictionary. Seussian, relating to the works of Dr Seuss, and tech term abandonware were also added. Interestingly, the word ghost was given a new meaning - to abruptly cut off all contact with someone by no longer accepting or responding to calls and messages. 
Actor Kamal Haasan, while speaking about the current political situation in Tamil Nadu, said that Sasikala' s proximity to late Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa does not make her qualified for the CM post. He added, " I do not know the qualifications of Sasikala, neither do the people of Tamil Nadu. " Haasan further said that the interim CM O Panneerselvam is competent. 
Braille ballot papers would be provided to 966 visually impaired voters to cast their vote during the first phase of Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections on February 11 in Muzaffarnagar, an official said on Wednesday. District Magistrate DK Singh said such voters have been identified in six constituencies and the Braille ballot papers would be provided in all 1, 819 polling booths. 
The Reserve Bank of India on Wednesday announced that the cash withdrawal limit on savings accounts will be scrapped from March 13 this year. Further, the current limit of withdrawal fixed at ? 24, 000 per week will be raised to ? 50, 000 per week from February 20, the RBI added. The limits on bank withdrawals were placed after demonetisation. nn
Accusing Tamil Nadu interim CM O Panneerselvam of conniving wth the " party Amma fought against" , AIADMK chief Sasikala Natarajan asserted that she will give him a big blow for this act of betrayal and disloyalty. She also claimed that her supporters wanted her to take charge immediately after Jayalalithaa' s demise, but she could not as she was very sad. 
Filmmaker Sajid Nadiadwala has confirmed that actors Salman Khan and Karisma Kapoor will make a special appearance in ' Judwaa 2' . The two actors starred in the 1997 film ' Judwaa' . Varun Dhawan will be playing the lead role in the film, which will also star Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee Pannu. Directed by David Dhawan, ' Judwaa 2' will release on September 29. n
Filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani has said that ' Munna Bhai 3' will be his last film in the ' Munna Bhai' film series. He added that after this film, someone else could take the franchise forward but it has to be equally good. The film will mark the return of Sanjay Dutt as ' Munna Bhai' and Arshad Warsi as his sidekick ' Circuit' . 
Asserting that there was no rift within the party, AIADMK General Secretary Sasikala Natarajan on Tuesday accused Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam of acting at the behest of DMK. Calling AIADMK a united single family, Sasikala removed Panneerselvam from the post of the party' s Treasurer. This came after he claimed that he was forced to step down as the CM. 
Air India rapped its international crew after it found they have been filling their tiffin boxes with food from the buffet at hotels where they stayed at. The matter came to light after a London hotel e- mailed the airline with the subject line " A buffet is not a takeaway" . The airline has warned of serious disciplinary action against the offenders. n
An online petition against Sasikala Natarajan' s appointment as the next Tamil Nadu Chief Minister has garnered over 1. 7 lakh signatures. The petition was titled ' Dissolve Tamil Nadu government and stop Sasikala from becoming Tamil Nadu CM' . Earlier, AIADMK announced Sasikala will take over as the state' s CM. Notably, CM O Panneerselvam had claimed that he was forced to resign. 
The I- T Department has detected ? 16, 200 crore worth black money after conducting investigations on global leaks about Indians stashing funds abroad. Of this, ? 8, 200 crore undisclosed income was brought to tax in last 2 years on account of deposits made in unreported foreign accounts in HSBC. The government is committed to bring back black money stashed abroad, it said. 
Team India coach Anil Kumble, who is only the second bowler to take 10 Test wickets in an innings, has said he never thought he would be able to achieve the feat. " It can happen tomorrow. . . or it may not happen at all. . . I do not think anybody gave me a chance of picking up ten wickets. It' s very rare, " said Kumble. 
Defending demonetisation, PM Narendra Modi has said, " When can you have an operation? When the body is healthy. " Modi said since the economy was in strong condition, timing of demonetisation was " the best" . " I am taking such decisions which are hurting big people and because of that I am going to face problems. I am ready for that, " he added. 
A study by the Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology claims that an earthquake more catastrophic than the one experienced in 2015 in Nepal could hit parts of North India soon. The study of tectonic plate movement has revealed that the Indian Plate is moving towards the Eurasian Plate at 45 millimetres per year, building pressure under the region. 
Urging the girls to dress up in ' suitable' clothes, principal of Government Polytechnic College in Bandra has said dressing like men can cause PCOS ( Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome) and reduces the urge to reproduce. PCOS is one of the most common hormonal endocrine disorders in women. She also said that dressing up suitably will help them " not to think like men" . 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Monday approved the proposal to construct 6, 178 flats to rehabilitate the slum dwellers living in Lajpat Nagar, Bhalswa, Dev Nagar, Mangol Puri and Ambedkar Nagar. " The 6178 EWS flats will be constructed at the cost of ? 866 crore, " the Delhi government stated. AAP government? s biggest poll policy was ' Jaha Jhuggi, Wahan Makaan' , it added. 
The Shirdi Saibaba temple in Maharashtra received offerings worth ? 403. 75 crore in 2016 as against ? 393 crore it received in 2015. The temple received ? 258. 42 crore through offerings in the form of cash, online money transfers, credit/ debit cards, and these offerings received an interest of ? 125. 95 crore from the banks. At present, 371- kg of gold is in the temple' s locker. 
The total hospital bill of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa was between ? 5 crore and ? 5. 5 crore for her 75- day treatment, according to State government doctor P Balaji. " No amputation was done and no transplantation ( of any sort) was done, " he added. Further, 5. 5 litres of embalming liquid were used to preserve Jayalalithaa' s body. 
Navi Mumbai- based snake rescuer Somnath Mhatre died after being bitten by a cobra while trying to kiss it for a photograph. After rescuing the reptile, Mhatre was trying to kiss its head when the cobra bit him on the chest. Mhatre is reportedly the 31st person to die in such a manner in the last 12 months. 
The Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) will have to reissue the film certificate to ' Jolly LLB 2' following the Bombay High Court' s order to delete four scenes in the film. One of these scenes shows a shoe being hurled. The film' s producers will reportedly approach the Supreme Court again as the film is due for release on February 10. 
Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge on Monday said, " Gandhiji sacrificed his life for the country; Indiraji too sacrificed her life. Who came from your house? Not a single dog came from your family. " Further slamming PM Narendra Modi, Kharge said, " You are good in speaking, you give good speeches, but you cannot fill stomach with good speeches. " 
AAP leader and chief of Delhi Commission for Women Swati Maliwal was on Monday granted bail by a Special Court in a case of alleged irregularities in recruitment process of the women' s panel. Maliwal, who had appeared before the court on January 18 over summons, had to furnish a personal bond of ? 20, 000 and a surety of the same amount. 
Soon after the announcement of Alastair Cook' s resignation as England Test captain, Kevin Pietersen asked for his return to the national side, tweeting, " # BringBackKP" . Pietersen, who last played a Test against Australia in Sydney back in January 2014, was ousted from the team due to differences with the team management, including the former captain Andrew Strauss and coach Andy Flower. 
Over two months after the death of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, British doctor Richard Beale who had treated her said that she had diabetes and died of multiple organ failure. Stating that " Jaya recovered only to sink quickly" , Beale added, " It' s not normal practice to take photos and publish private details. It is an intrusion into her privacy. " 
An Air India pilot allegedly breached security protocol and flew a bird- hit plane carrying 122 passengers from Bhopal- Delhi on Monday. The flight was reportedly denied permission to land at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi for not following the standard operating procedure. An Air India spokesperson said it was diverted to Jaipur, where all the passengers deplaned safely. 
Actress Kareena Kapoor, speaking about husband Saif as a father, said he is a pro and even changes son Taimur' s diapers. " He' s so hands- on because he has done it before, " she added. Kareena further said that she and Saif are the real- life Ki and Ka because when she is working, Saif is at home and when Saif is working, she is at home. nnn
A surprise Delhi Commission for Women inspection of Asha Kiran home for mentally challenged women on Saturday revealed 11 unreported deaths in two months. DCW officials also found patients roaming in the corridors in the nude while the CCTV footage was being monitored by male staffers. The patients were also being made to do the staff' s personal chores, it found. 
Actress Sunny Leone has revealed that her father once caught her making out with a boy in school. " I was sitting on his lap. . . and heard my Dad walking down the hallway, I was like, ' Oh my god, my dad just caught me making out with this boy, ' " she added. Sunny called the drive back home with her father the worst. 
The Hrithik Roshan and Yami Gautam starrer ' Kaabil' has entered the ? 100 crore club on the eleventh day of its release, as per the film' s makers. The film collected ? 9. 22 crore on February 4, taking the total to ? 106. 25 crore. Notably, ' Kaabil' released on January 25, sharing its release date with the Shah Rukh Khan starrer ' Raees' . 
A group of scientists have discovered a smiley face on a legal document dating back to 1635, which is being considered the world' s oldest emoji. The document was found in a village next to the Strazov Mountains of Slovakia. Previously, the oldest known smiley face was believed to be discovered in a 1648 poem, ' To Fortune' by Robert Herrick. 
Actress Kangana Ranaut has alleged that there were instances when Hrithik Roshan was going and crying to the entire industry, wanting them to sabotage her career. Kangana said that people called her and said that Hrithik offered them proof and now they wanted to know her story while adding, " But I was like, it is none of your business. " 
BJP MP Mahendra Nath Pandey equated Priyanka Gandhi to ' special utensil of steel' kept in houses in UP villages. " Whenever special guests visit us, we clean it ( special utensils) and keep it on the eating table. After they go away we keep it back, " he said. " Whenever elections come, Congress brings out Priyanka and then keeps her back, " he added. 
Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif on Sunday said, " We urge India to stop the bloodbath in Kashmir and allow free and fair plebiscite under the UN auspices" . " The people of Pakistan join their Kashmiri brothers and sisters in observing Kashmir Solidarity Day to reaffirm our moral, diplomatic and political support to the legitimate struggle of the Kashmiris, " he added. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan has said that simply working with him in a film does not make anyone an actor. " Girls who have started with me, either they had done a film in another language. . . in case of Anushka Sharma she did modelling, " he added. nTalking about his ' Raees' co- star Mahira Khan, Shah Rukh said she is a well- established actress in Pakistan. 
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt participated in his first- ever mixed- gender relay, leading the ' Bolt All- Stars' team in the inaugural Nitro Athletics event in Melbourne on Saturday. Bolt raced in the mixed 4x100 metre relay, alongside compatriot Asafa Powell and Americans Jenna Prandini and Jeneba Tarmoh. " I' ve never handed [ a baton] over to a girl. For me that was exciting, " said Bolt. 
ICC has introduced a system of demerit points for venues producing substandard pitches and outfields, which will lead to a ban for defaulting on a regular basis. A venue will be suspended for 12 months when it gets five demerit points and 24 months on reaching 10 demerit points. The points will remain active for a five- year period. 
Following the murder of a female Infosys employee at its Pune campus, the company has intensified self- defence training across all its campuses across India. A fifth dan martial art' s expert Jaydev Mhamane has been roped in for the training. The management has also taken several steps like deploying panic buttons and increasing female security guards to prevent such incidents. 
London- based cleaning company Naturist Cleaner is offering £ 45 an hour ( around ? 4, 000) to women " of all ages and figures" who would clean private houses wearing only slippers and gloves. The firm' s clients must agree to a strict " no touch" and no pictures policy. " It' s a service for the nudist community. . . There' s nothing sexual about the business at all, " the firm said. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday alleged that the Election Commission has " completely surrendered" before PM Narendra Modi. He further termed the poll panel as " completely shameless and spineless" . Kejriwal further tweeted, " As per EC notification, polling time in Goa is 7 am to 5 pm but in Punjab, it is from 8 am to 5 pm ( one hour less) . Why? " 
Actress Gautami Tadimala has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, asking why the Centre was silent on pressing issues of Tamil Nadu, including the row over Jayalalithaa' s death. She alleged that the Prime Minister had ignored Tamil Nadu' s concerns. " Is south India, most specifically Tamil Nadu, not deserving of the attention and accountability of our central government, " she questioned. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said Uttar Pradesh must get rid of SCAM - Samajwadi Party, Congress, Akhilesh Yadav, and Mayawati - in the Assembly elections. " UP made me PM, now I have to repay the debt. . . Even if I try and help UP from Delhi, if the state government has no intention, the money will go somewhere else, " he added. 
DMK working president MK Stalin on Saturday advised Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam to quit worrying about his post and concentrate on governance instead. " AIADMK head is only worried about removing the CM and coming to that position. As the officers cannot work under Panneerselvam without AIADMK head' s nod, the state machinery has come to a halt, " Stalin said. 
Spanish La Liga side Atlético Madrid' s defender Lucas Hernández was arrested on Friday on suspicion of having assaulted his girlfriend. Both Hernández and his girlfriend were reportedly treated at the scene by emergency medical workers for minor injuries. A spokesperson said the player did not resist arrest and appeared before a court in Madrid on Friday. 
Special roses have been named after President Pranab Mukherjee and his wife Suvra at the Mughal Gardens in Rashtrapati Bhavan. The ' President Pranab' rose is yellow, while the ' Suvra Mukherjee' rose is pinkish- purple. This is the first time a rose has been named after a President, although the Mughal Gardens already have roses named after Queen Elizabeth and Christian Dior. 
Pakistani Minister Ahsan Iqbal has said there will be a better environment to pursue peace talks with India after Assembly elections in India will be over. Alleging Pakistan is an election issue in the state Assembly elections in India, Iqbal further said, " This is a bit unfortunate that they ( India) are taking, you know, strong positions along the electoral cycle" . 
AAP leader Bhagwant Mann on Saturday asserted that he will defeat Punjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal by a margin of one lakh votes in the Assembly polls. Casting his vote, he accused former Canadian lawmaker Ruby Dhalla of campaigning for Badal. " She is a Canadian, how she can canvass in the election. The EC should. . . cancel her visa, " Mann said. 
Former India skipper MS Dhoni on Friday visited the Sehwag International School in Haryana. Stating that his time at school was the best period of his life, Dhoni advised the students to make the best of their school days. " It was a place where I started playing cricket and I was very sincere about my studies, " added Dhoni. 
The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear a plea submitted by convicts in the Nirbhaya gangrape case claiming that there were six " fundamental errors" in the sentencing procedure. The plea claimed the trial court did not consider the special circumstances of each of the accused. The SC will decide when to rehear sentencing of the case on February 6. 
Congress President Sonia Gandhi' s son- in- law Robert Vadra has slammed the BJP for listing Vinay Katiyar, who made sexist remarks against Priyanka Gandhi, in the star campaigners for the upcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls. Vadra said, " Really shocks me to see a name in star campaigner list with tainted past and who completely disrespects women with his comments. God save us. " 
Amid tension in Nagaland? s capital Kohima, Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday spoke to state CM TR Zeliang and assured him all possible help from the Centre. The tribal groups in Nagaland have been opposing the Nagaland government' s decision of granting 33% reservation to women in the local bodies. On Wednesday, two protestors were killed in police firing in Dimapur. 
Former Australian batsman Michael Hussey has said the Australian team should avoid sledging Virat Kohli during their upcoming four- match Test series in India. " I would not try and fire him up. He thrives on that and he is a real competitor. . . loves being in the fight, " said Hussey. During India' s tour to Australia in 2014, Virat had hit a century after being sledged. 
TMC MPs on Friday protested against the Centre in the Parliament House complex, alleging it was indulging in " vendetta politics" in a probe into a chit fund scam. They raised slogans against the Centre saying that it was harassing TMC leaders because the political party raised its voice against demonetisation. TMC also staged a walkout from Rajya Sabha on Thursday. 
The dead body of a 28- year- old missing West Bengal woman has been recovered from a concrete tomb inside a home in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh. The woman was allegedly killed by her live- in partner, a 32- year- old man named Udyan Das who claims to be an ex- IITian. The two had met each other on Facebook around eight months ago, the police said. 
Chinese media has urged India to take steps to enable a former Chinese soldier, residing in Madhya Pradesh after being imprisoned post the 1962 war, to return to China to visit his family. The story of Wang Qi, a Chinese army surveyor who strayed into India in January 1963 and subsequently imprisoned until 1969, was recently reported by the BBC. 
Mukesh Ambani- led Reliance Jio has acquired 94% of the data traffic share in India, according to financial services major Credit Suisse' s report. However, Jio does not fare well when it comes to speed, while Airtel offers the best 4G speed. " We suspect Jio? s speeds are impacted by the high load on the network in the free offer period, " it added. 
Sourav Ganguly has credited Indian Premier League for Indian leg- spinner Yuzvendra Chahal' s rise in T20Is. " He ( Chahal) has got better and better by bowling in the IPL. He knows exactly what to do. It' s a terrific effort. IPL has had great effects on India' s T20, " said Ganguly. Notably, Chahal took six wickets for 25 runs against England on Wednesday. 
The Centre has increased the budget allocation for Women and Child Development by about 25% to ? 22, 095 crore. The government has also allocated ? 2, 700 crore for the maternity benefit scheme which entitles ? 6, 000 per pregnant woman. However, the allocation for Nirbhaya fund, which includes supporting NGOs working for the safety of women, has remained constant at ? 500 crore. 
A Child Rights Commission in Tamil Nadu has recommended blocking People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals website alleging that they carry sexually explicit advertisements and content. Social activist Enoch Moses said in his petition that when children searched for information on PETA on the internet, they were directed to images of nude models and ads carrying double meaning quotes. 
Chelsea and England legend Frank Lampard ended his 21- year professional football career after announcing his retirement on Thursday. The 38- year- old, who scored a club- record 211 goals for Chelsea, won a Champions League title alongside winning three Premier League titles with the Blues. The midfielder won 106 caps for England and scored over 300 goals in his career. 
On the last day of campaigning for the Punjab Assembly polls, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday said Delhi CM and AAP Convener Arvind Kejriwal is backing extremists. " A few days ago, six people were killed in a bomb blast. Kejriwalji, who is the CM of Delhi, is helping these negative forces to flourish in the state, " Gandhi said. 
Taapsee Pannu opted out of an event she was supposed to be a part of after she learnt that it was being organised by a fairness cream. " [ W] hen I got to know. . . I will have to pose with the fairness brand. . . I decided to take my name out, " she said. Taapsee further said she will not propagate fairness in any way. 
A new cafe called Energy Cafe has been inaugurated at Vidyut Bhawan, headquarters of the Bihar State Electricity Board, in Patna. It has been furnished with junk and scrap materials, including oil drums, connection transformers and an old Ambassador car that now serves as a sofa. It will soon be open to electricity department staffs, IT supervisor Mahfooz Hashmi said. 
Pakistan on Wednesday placed 26/ 11 Mumbai attacks mastermind and Jamaat- ud- Dawa ( JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed on its Exit Control List, two days after he and his four aides were put under house arrest. Saeed and 38 other individuals, who are linked to JuD or Lashkar- e- Taiba, have been placed on the list, which prohibits them from leaving Pakistan. 
A Dewas court in Madhya Pradesh on Wednesday acquitted Sadhvi Pragya Singh and seven others in former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi murder case. Joshi, who had worked as an RSS pracharak for a significant part of his life, was shot dead a few hundred meters from his rented house in Chuna Khadan area of Dewas on December 29, 2007. 
Actress Kangana Ranaut, while commenting on patriarchy, said that men think intimidating women are not worth having sex with. " Bold, stubborn women, who are achievers, are desirable only to those who are strong and assured. ( For some men) it is frightening to handle a woman who can speak her mind, " added Kangana. However, she added, " Thankfully, that is not true of everyone. " 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said excise duty on unmanufactured tobacco will be doubled to 8. 3% under Union Budget 2017. Other tobacco- related products like cigars, cheroots, pan masala, and cigarettes will also cost more. Prices of items like roasted or salted cashew nuts, circuit boards used in smartphones, and RO membrane elements for household water filters will also increase. 
Football teams from USA and Mexico will play a football tournament to protest US President Donald Trump' s proposed US- Mexico border wall. No dates have yet been announced for the tournament, which has been named ' The Bridge Tournament' . The event would pit three teams from each nation, with one of the participating clubs recently calling for " football above walls" on Twitter. 
Opener Rishabh Pant, who is making his international debut in the T20I against England at Bengaluru on Wednesday, has become India' s youngest T20I debutant. Rishabh, aged 19 years, 120 days, has gone past Ishant Sharma, who made his India T20I debut aged 19 years, 152 days. Rishabh was selected after scoring a triple century in the Ranji Trophy this season. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday concluded his Budget speech using a quote, " When my aim is right, when my goal is in sight, the winds favour me and I fly" . Adding that the Budget' s agenda was " Transform, Energise and Clean India" , Jaitley said, " There' s no other day, which is more appropriate for this, than today" . 
The Indira Gandhi International in Delhi has done away with the body scanner machine installed at terminal 3 due to its subpar performance. " It has multiple technical loopholes and hence, we decided to remove it following recommendations from CISF, " an official said. However, with no replacement, officials are back to scanning passengers through metal detectors, which is not considered foolproof. 
While presenting the first unified Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday announced that all railway coaches will have bio- toilets installed by 2019. Jaitley also said the service tax on the purchase of e- tickets booked through IRCTC will be withdrawn. A Rail Safety Fund with a corpus of ? 1 lakh crore will be created over next five years, he added. 
The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court ordered a three- member committee to review the Akshay Kumar- starrer ' Jolly LLB 2' on Wednesday. The court also asked the committee to find out whether the allegations levelled by petitioner Ajaykumar Waghmare are true. Waghmare had stated that the film is an attempt to malign the reputation of the legal profession. 
The Pufferfish, commonly known as Blowfish and Fugu, is considered a delicacy in Japan even though it is fatally poisonous. Reportedly 1200 times more poisonous than cyanide and without a known antidote, Fugu poisoning can cause death by asphyxiation within 10 minutes. Japan strictly controls its restaurant preparation by law, and chefs take 3- 10 years' training to prepare it properly. 
A survey by the India Today- Axis has predicted a hung Assembly in Uttar Pradesh and has stated that BJP along with its allies would win 180- 191 seats in 403- member Assembly. The Samajwadi Party- Congress alliance, which was formed recently, is expected to win up to 168- 178 seats. The survey, however, stated that Mayawati- led BSP would manage to bag only 39- 43 seats. 
A homeless burglar brings his own food for cooking and takes showers during break- ins, US authorities have said. " The bad thing is, he trashed the house, " an official said while referring to a break- in. The 33- year- old accused, Jacob Merchant, has been charged with three counts of burglary and two counts of breaking and entering. 
Actor Amitabh Bachchan on Tuesday took to Twitter to complain about Vodafone' s network, where rival Reliance Jio stepped in and offered him a SIM. Jio tweeted, " Sir, we would be happy to deliver a Jio SIM to you & activate it instantly through our Aadhaar based eKYC home delivery process" . The glitch was later fixed and Bachchan thanked Vodafone. 
TMC supremo Mamata Banerjee has reportedly asked her party leaders to refrain from launching personal attacks on PM Narendra Modi. " She is not in an aggressive mood. She is trying not to be abusive as far as the PM is concerned, " a TMC leader has said. However, Banerjee has asked TMC MPs to boycott the Budget reading in protest against demonetisation. 
The Delhi government has decided to set up a ' Punjabi chair' at Jawaharlal Nehru University to promote research work in the Punjabi language, Delhi Culture and Languages Minister Kapil Mishra said. The state government will give around ? 50 lakh to the project annually, he added. The chair will function under the School of Language, Literature and Culture Studies of JNU. 
Pakistan Peoples Party chairman Bilawal Bhutto has warned US President Donald Trump' s administration against including Pakistan in the list of banned nations, saying such a move will create a " host of hostilities" between the two countries. Earlier, White House hinted that Pakistan could be included in the list and Pakistani visitors are subject to " extreme vetting" under existing US regulations. 
Anjali Lama, who is the first transgender model to walk at the Lakmé Fashion Week, said that she has heard that yoga guru Baba Ramdev claims he can change gay people to straight. " He can keep trying but that is never going to happen, " added Anjali. However, she added that she is fond of the affordable products from Ramdev' s Patanjali brand. 
The Centre' s Yamuna Water Taxi Services, which would ferry tourists from Palla at Delhi- Haryana border to Wazirabad, may start operations by June this year. The aim is to promote tourism, reduce travel time between the two points from 3. 5 hours to 45 minutes and keep burden off the roads. " Yamuna upstream. . . has the ' required depth' for navigation, " said an official. 
Designer Reshma Merchant will showcase a line titled ' The White Rose Collection' which includes garments made with herbs at the Lakmé Fashion Week Summer/ Resort 2017. The garments have been created by customising bolts of silk, linen and cotton spun with hand- picked herbs like neem, turmeric and aloe vera. " [ W] e are reviving a 2000- year- old craft, " said Merchant. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that the advancement of Budget presentation to February 1 and the Rail Budget being incorporated into it is the beginning of a new tradition. " Everyone would remember that earlier budget used to take place at 5 pm. This practice was changed during former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee' s time, " Modi added. 
A bus, carrying 35 students to Amity International School, caught fire near Gurugram' s Huda City Centre metro station on Monday. The bus driver raised an alarm upon noticing smoke coming out of the bonnet and the students were safely evacuated. The incident will be probed and action will be taken if any laxity is found, said an official. 
E Ahamed, the former MoS for external affairs in the Manmohan Singh administration and an Indian Union Muslim League MP from Kerala, collapsed in the Parliament on Tuesday. The 78- year- old was then rushed to the Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital where doctors said that his condition is critical and added that he has been put on a life support system. 
Actor Shakti Kapoor, while speaking on his daughter Shraddha Kapoor' s lack of success with her last two releases, said that she can take it easy as she has got a rich father. He also denied reports about Shraddha changing her team of managers. " Her manager and the agency she is signed up with are doing a good job, " he added. 
The Delhi Division of Indian Railways is developing green patches around railway stations in the capital. An initiative under the Swachh Bharat Mission, the vacant area near railway tracks is also being covered with shrubs and flowers. Delhi Divisional Railway Manager Arun Arora said that the initiative has been inspired by the South Beijing railway station in China. 
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has sought a report from the Indian Embassy after a 53- year- old Indian was arrested at a US airport for allegedly making a bomb threat. The airport was evacuated and operations resumed after no bomb was found. Swaraj intervened after his wife contacted her on Twitter, claiming that he was falsely implicated. 
SP founder Mulayam Singh Yadav' s daughter- in- law Aparna Yadav and her husband Prateek Yadav have declared assets worth ? 23 crore, including a Lamborghini car. Aparna, who filed her nomination from Lucknow Cantonment Assembly seat, declared movable assets worth ? 3. 27 crore while that of her husband are ? 13. 41 crore. She also declared that she does not have any vehicles in her name. 
An online donation drive to rebuild a mosque that was gutted by fire in the US state of Texas has raised over $ 800, 000 ( over ? 5. 4 crore) , reports said. Nearly 18, 000 people have helped to raise the funds within a day. The mosque had been burnt down hours after President Donald Trump announced the ban on immigrants from seven Muslim- majority countries. 
Sachin Tendulkar has revealed he used a waiter' s advice to change his playing style. A waiter in Chennai had approached the cricketer and said his elbow guard restricted the bat' s swing. " He was 100% right. . . I knew I was uncomfortable but I never thought of it myself. . . I realised padding on elbow guard is inadequate. . . I instantly redesigned my elbow guard, " said Sachin. 
Actor Tiger Shroff has said that if he woke up as Ranveer Singh, he would give Deepika Padukone a big kiss. " I' d. . . tell her that no matter how many kisses I have done in Befikre, the most special is with you, " said Tiger. He was responding to host Karan Johar' s question on the talk show ' Koffee With Karan' . 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Monday urged the Prime Minister' s Office to allow Election Commission to act against Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar for his bribery remarks. Kejriwal also asked if EC will " dare" act against Parrikar and Congress leader Amarinder Singh for their remarks. Parrikar and Singh reportedly asked voters to take money but vote for their respective parties. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has sparked a controversy for staying in the house of alleged ex- militant and Khalistan Liberation Front activist Gurwinder Singh during his Punjab visit on Saturday. Singh, an acquitted Khalistan Commando Force militant, is accused of inciting Sikh- Hindu riots in Punjab and was jailed in various cases including murder. He is reportedly working for KLF from England. 
Mulayam Singh Yadav on Monday directed Samajwadi Party workers to file nomination papers against Congress candidates in 105 UP Assembly constituencies it has been allotted to contest. " What will our workers do on those 105 seats? They' ve all worked hard, what will happen to them now. This is not right, I will not let the party be destroyed like this, " Mulayam added. 
Two women have reportedly been arrested at Indira Gandhi International Airport for trying to smuggle in gold, worth ? 27 lakh, moulded in the form of wires. The women were returning from Bangkok and the wires were hidden in the lining of their suitcases. It is now being probed whether the accused are part of a bigger racket. 
The Delhi Police is using a new software, which accesses real- time data from its helpline and helps identify crime hotspots. Police can then deploy enough policemen at these places. " In a mega city, we believe a lot of crimes are predictable and can be curbed, " said an official. The software will replace manual data gathering, which happens every 15 days. 
Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated on January 30, 1948, during a prayer meeting at Delhi? s Birla House. He was shot thrice by Nathuram Godse. " If I am to die by the bullet of a mad man, I must do so smiling. God must be in my heart and on my lips, " Gandhi had reportedly said two days before his assassination. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the Nation, on his 69th death anniversary. Modi took to Twitter and said, " Tributes to beloved Bapu on his ' Punya Tithi' ( death anniversary) . " Notably, Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated by Nathuram Godse on January 30, 1948, during a prayer meeting at Delhi' s Birla House. 
Actor Ranbir Kapoor, while talking about Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan, Aamir Khan and Salman Khan, said, " Inn bando mein dum hai" ( These guys have the spunk) . " Earlier, I could brashly and immaturely say that I am going to be better than them. But it is not easy to be better than them. . . I bow down to them, " added Ranbir. 
About 70, 000 tax officers in India will wear black bands at work on Monday, on Martyrs' Day, to protest recent GST Council decisions. The basic structure of GST scheme is being compromised, which may lead to utmost chaos, associations said. Notably, the council agreed to give states power to administer 90% of taxpayers under ? 1. 5 crore annual turnover, among others. 
Animal welfare organisation PETA India has issued a " wholehearted apology" to Tamil actor Suriya as the organisation had earlier called the actor' s support for Jallikattu a publicity stunt for promoting his film ' Singam 3' . The organisation added that Suriya plays an honest, dutiful police officer in ' Singam' so he should understand why upholding laws on preventing animal cruelty is important. 
Four students of Delhi University have been arrested for allegedly robbing a delivery boy of a phone in northwest Delhi, police said on Friday. When the victim reached at the mentioned address to deliver a phone worth ? 26, 000, he was taken to an abandoned plot and the accused allegedly snatched the packets he was carrying for delivery. 
Actress Huma Qureshi has said that it is sad getting linked to actor Sohail Khan who she considers her brother. She added that such rumours are unpleasant and ugly. Huma further said that she tries not to let these rumours get to her. Earlier, there were reports that Sohail and wife Seema Khan' s marriage was in trouble because of Huma. 
At least one was killed and nearly 28 others were injured on Sunday, as nearly 30 vehicles crashed into each other on the Jaipur- Agra Highway due to dense fog. The vehicle pile- up happened near Kanota, around 25 km from Jaipur. Of the injured, five are reportedly in critical condition. The accident involved private cars, buses, and trucks. 
MS Dhoni has alleged that mobile firm Maxx Mobilink is using his name and projecting him as brand ambassador, despite their contract being terminated in 2012. In a 2014 order, the Delhi High Court had directed the company to " refrain from selling any products" using Dhoni' s name. Dhoni also alleged the company had defaulted on paying the cricketer his dues. 
After US President Donald Trump barred its citizens from entering the US, Iran on Sunday said it would block entry for American citizens to the country until the US government withdraws its decision. Calling Trump' s decision " an open affront against the Iranian nation and Muslim world" , Iran said it will be recorded in history as " a great gift to extremists" . 
Union Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Saturday said the present BJP- led Centre aims to shift all government scheme- related financial transactions to Jan Dhan, Aadhar and Mobile ( JAM) platforms across India in the next 2- 3 years. Adding that corruption in government schemes will be reduced, Naidu said that JAM would bring a big financial revolution in the country. 
Congress' chief ministerial candidate for Punjab, Captain Amarinder Singh, has admitted his party cannot take AAP Convenor Arvind Kejriwal for granted. " Kejriwal is a sneaky little fellow but I am little wary of him as we cannot take him for granted considering 2014 polls, " he stated. There was resentment among people, so they thought of a new party ( AAP) , he added. 
Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly has said he is supporting Swiss tennis star Roger Federer in the Australian Open final against Rafael Nadal and hopes the Swiss defies logic to win the title. At the age of 35, Federer is the oldest men' s Grand Slam finalist since Ken Rosewall, who played in US Open final at the age of 39. 
BJP President Amit Shah on Saturday released the party' s manifesto for the upcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections which promises free education for girls up to graduation and 100 fast- track courts for women. In the manifesto, the party also promised to uphold the rights of Muslim women and create a task force for women safety. 
Delhi Police on Friday busted a gang of imposters, who extorted money from politicians and bureaucrats by pretending to be politicians of the Congress or BJP. They allegedly used to demand money for party funds for the upcoming state elections. The imposters would also promise the victims a bigger role in the party or an election ticket. 
National Green Tribunal has given its permission to conduct the seventh edition of 21 Gun Salute International Vintage Car Rally between February 17- 19 in Delhi. The tribunal made an exception to its 2014 order banning all vehicles older than 15 years in the national capital following a plea by show organisers that said the event raises funds for spastic children. 
A suspected mortar shell was found in Vasant Kunj in Delhi on Saturday and the National Security Guard ( NSG) was called in, according to reports. The NSG picked up the explosive, placed it in a blast- proof vessel for transportation to Manesar, where it would be disposed off. " It is alive enough to explode or be launched, " said an official. 
A woman has been caught for carrying a country- made pistol concealed inside a music system at Chandni Chowk metro station on the eve of Republic Day celebrations, as per reports. Claiming to be unaware of the weapon, she said that the system was bought from a roadside vendor. The seller of the music system has not been traced yet. 
The Williams sisters have earned combined ? 28. 8 crore ( Australian $ 5. 6 million) as prize money after the Australian Open women' s singles final. Serena played against sister Venus in a Grand Slam final after eight years, with their last meeting being in Wimbledon 2009. Serena, the winner of the final, was awarded A$ 3, 700, 000 ( ? 19 crore) , while Venus got A$ 1, 900, 000 ( ? 9. 8 crore) . 
Bana Alabed, the seven- year- old girl who tweets about the war in Syria, has written an open letter to United States President Donald Trump. The letter says, " You must do something for the children of Syria because they are like your children and deserve peace like you. " Alabed, who was recently evacuated to Turkey, has termed Aleppo the " city of death. " 
Tanika Dhara, a 23- year- old national- level swimmer working as a clerk with the Western Railway, allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in Mumbai on Friday. Tanika had won a silver at the National Aquatics Championship last year and also clinched a bronze at the 2015 National Games. The reason for the suicide is yet to be known. 
In the latest update in Sheena Bora murder case, Rahul Mukerjea, son of accused Peter Mukerjea, in an open letter has defended his father, stating the latter was not aware of the crime. " Indrani had introduced Sheena and Mikhail as her siblings to everyone? Peter was clearly not involved, nor was he aware of any crime allegedly perpetrated by Indrani, " he added. n
The declassified CIA documents have revealed that after the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation war the then US government had thought ex- PM Indira Gandhi might order an attack to capture Pakistan- occupied Kashmir. " It is reported that prior to terminating the present hostilities, Mrs Gandhi intends to attempt to eliminate Pakistan' s armour and air force capabilities, " CIA had said as per the documents. 
Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt returned his 4x100m 2008 Olympic gold on Friday, after the International Olympic Committee disqualified the team following Nesta Carter' s positive dope test. Bolt said he still has " accomplished a lot" and it " does not change what he has done" throughout his career. Bolt added he might financially assist Carter' s appeal against the verdict if need be. 
The Jammu and Kashmir police cleared snow on about 4 kilometres of road from Pahalgam to Aru in Anantnag district, to rescue a pregnant woman stranded in her house due to heavy snowfall. A police spokesman on Friday said that they crossed 8 kilometres by foot to shift the pregnant woman to a hospital. 
' Kaabil' , starring Hrithik Roshan and Yami Gautam, has been leaked online. It can reportedly be found on many websites but a Bengaluru- based production company has started working on fixing the issue. " Unethical practices. . . killing the movie business can stop only when those perpetrating these illegal activities understand the gravity of their misdeeds, " said Kaabil' s producer Rakesh Roshan. 
As per reports, Samajwadi Party chief and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has told his party leaders that he will not contest the upcoming Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections from any seat. " Some TV channels are running that I will contest from Lucknow. I am not contesting from anywhere. I am an MLC till 2018 and I will campaign for all, " Akhilesh reportedly said. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday wished Chinese people on the Year of the Rooster on Chinese social media platform ' Weibo' . The Chinese Year of Monkey formally ends on Friday, starting the Year of Rooster on Saturday. China has declared an official week- long holiday for the new year which is also celebrated as a Spring Festival. 
The first time women voters in Goa will be given pink teddy bears in the upcoming Assembly polls, aiming to boost their participation in the democratic exercise. Further, there will be at least 40 pink polling booths in Goa with pink- coloured decoration and only women election workers and officers. Notably, Goa has more women voters than their men counterparts. 
Florida wildlife officials have hired Indian snake hunters to get rid of Burmese pythons, which are wiping out small mammal populations in the state. The snake hunters, from the Irula tribe of Tamil Nadu, were brought in with translators and detection dogs earlier this month. " Traditionally, the main occupation of the Irula tribe has been catching snakes, " a statement said. 
nAfter the Jat community threatened to continue its pro- reservation agitation from January 29, Section 144 has been imposed in the parts of Haryana' s Rohtak district. The officials have enforced the ban on gatherings of more than four people in about 500 meters from national and state highways. The government is also keeping a close watch on some Jat leaders. 
When asked how she plans to work with US President Donald Trump, UK PM Theresa May on Thursday said, " Sometimes opposites attract. " " We both share a desire to ensure that governments are working for everyone, " she added. PM May is currently in the United States where she is expected to become the first foreign leader to meet President Trump. 
The Delhi Metro is looking for new colours for its six new lines that have to be colour coded, officials have said. The new colours could include rose, vermillion, azure and black. Officials said the nine existing lines are identified by different colours, namely red, yellow, blue, green, violet, pink, magenta, grey and orange, allowing people to remember routes easily. 
All India Majlis- e- Ittehadul Muslimeen ( AIMIM) Chief Asaduddin Owaisi has urged Muslims to stand in support of triple talaq just like the people of Tamil Nadu stood against the ban on traditional bull- taming sport Jallikattu. " We also have our own culture. We will marry and divorce the way we want to. Nobody should direct us what we should do, " Owaisi said. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to present the Union Budget 2017- 2018 after the Assembly elections in five states. In a letter to Modi, the Samajwadi Party chief has asked the government to present the Budget after March 8, fearing that if it is not done, poll- bound states might miss out on central schemes. 
The Supreme Court on Friday rejected a PIL seeking an all- India ban on cow slaughter, stating it will not interfere with state laws on the killing of cattle. " One state may ban slaughter, the other may not, " the apex court observed. The court, however, said it has already passed orders on measures to stop the illegal inter- state transportation of cattle. 
Actor Hrithik Roshan, while responding to his ex- wife Sussanne Khan' s praise for his recently released film ' Kaabil' , said that he is glad she liked the film. " Her opinion means the world to me, " he added. Earlier, Sussanne had tweeted that ' Kaabil' is the " most hearted performance in history of Indian cinema" and that she is proud of Hrithik. 
Former Secretary- General of United Nations Kofi Annan has praised the AAP government? s Mohalla Clinics project which is aimed at providing free primary healthcare to Delhi residents near their home. Annan wrote to CM Arvind Kejriwal, stating, " The utilisation of these clinics represents a large increase in consumption of cost- effective primary healthcare without people incurring financial costs" . 
Two college students drowned in a water body while taking selfies in Hyderabad on Thursday, the police said. The police added that the two students, who were around 16 years of age, had been warned against entering the water but they ignored this advice. Apart from selfies, they were also taking pictures with a camera. 
As per reports, actress Scarlett Johansson and her husband French journalist Romain Dauriac have ended their marriage of two years. They have a two- year- old daughter Rose Dorothy Dauriac. Following their engagement in 2014, Johansson had said, " I love his brain more than anything and he does all the sweet gestures for me. He' s a gentleman. " 
Delhi government has formed six task forces to identify traffic junctions in the capital and offer solutions to decongest them. Each force will be headed by Deputy Commissioner of Police ( traffic) and have members from agencies like PWD and DTC, among others. The teams will also look at the issue of illegal parking and suggest remedial measures, said an official. 
The Hrithik Roshan and Yami Gautam starrer ' Kaabil' , which released on Wednesday, has earned ? 10. 43 crore on its opening day. Directed by Sanjay Gupta, the film is a revenge drama, where Hrithik and Yami star as a visually impaired couple. ' Kaabil' is reportedly inspired by the 1989 film ' Blind Fury' and the 2014 Korean movie ' Broken' . 
Seventeen- time Grand Slam champion Switzerland' s Roger Federer overcame compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka in five sets on Thursday to reach his 28th Grand Slam final and his sixth Australian Open final. Chasing his fifth Australian Open title, Federer on Sunday will play the winner of the semi- final between one- time Australian Open champion Rafael Nadal and Bulgaria' s Grigor Dimitrov. 
Three friends Amol Sawant, Shrungar Raul and Pervez Shaikh from Mumbai have formed ' Anstrengung United' , an NGO which trains about 200 needy children in sports. Their journey started with befriending four street children, who were getting addicted to drugs. They started gathering these four children every day to play football and gradually convinced their parents to send them to school. 
The Delhi Police requires an additional 54, 482 posts to improve patrolling in the capital, according to reports. However, only 14, 753 new posts have been approved by the home ministry which are still waiting approval from the " competent authority" . Meanwhile, the Delhi High Court has asked the Centre to submit a report on when the new appointments will be made. 
In a first, the National Security Guard ( NSG) commandos participated in the Republic Day parade. While a contingent of some 60 commandos in black overalls and full- armed gear marched at the Rajpath, several commandos were on seven vehicles with hydraulic ladders mounted on them. Further, NSG' s anti- hijacking van ' Sherpa' , a bullet- proof armoured vehicle, also made its debut in the parade. 
Sumo wrestler Kisenosato became the first Japanese wrestler to be titled ' yokozuna' , the sport' s grand champion, in almost 18 years. The 30- year- old, who weighs 178 kilograms, became the sport' s 72nd yokozuna and Japan' s first after Wakanohana, who won the title in 1998. The sport had seen foreign sumo wrestlers getting crowned grand champions for the past few years. 
North Korea' s former deputy ambassador to London, Thae Yong- ho, who defected to South Korea last year has said that the country' s elite are turning against Kim Jong- un. " When Kim Jong- un first came to power, I was hopeful that he would make reasonable and rational decisions. . . but I soon fell into despair watching him purging officials for no proper reasons, " he added. 
Speaking about the sledging tactics employed by the Australian team, Indian batsman Cheteshwar Pujara said, " If they sledge. . . I remember we had a plan to sledge them when we last went to Australia. It will be tough for them when they come here. " " All of us are motivated that we will continue the form of last year, " Pujara added. n
Actor Pulkit Samrat' s estranged wife Shweta Rohira, who earlier blamed actress Yami Gautam for ruining their marriage, has now said that she does not know any Yami Gautam. " Who is this Yami? Main koi Yami ko nahin jaanti. I am going through a memory loss, " she said. However, she maintained that Pulkit was not loyal in their marriage. n
Late singer Michael Jackson' s daughter Paris has revealed that she was sexually assaulted by a much older " complete stranger" when she was 14. " It was not a good experience at all, and it was really hard for me, and, at the time, I did not tell anybody, " said Paris. She also spoke about how she tried to commit suicide at 15. 
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has received two death threats on his official e- mail, according to the Delhi Police. They also added that the Delhi government has approached Police Commissioner Alok Verma, who then directed the Crime Branch to investigate the matter. Police have been verifying the alleged death threat to the Delhi CM, reports claimed. 
The editor of British Vogue Alexandra Shulman will be stepping down from her post after over twenty- five years, as announced by the magazine' s publisher Condé Nast. Condé Nast managing director Nicholas Coleridge, said: " Alex has been the longest- serving and most successful editor of Vogue in its 100 years history. " Shulman said that she " wanted to experience a different life" . 
The mother of the man, who died in a stampede caused by actor Shah Rukh Khan' s visit to the Vadodara railway station for promoting ' Raees' , has said that SRK is like her son. She added, " We have nothing against SRK as he is not at fault. My son fell prey to the crowd and succumbed to death due to suffocation. " 
India' s third largest retail chain ? defence canteens ? will only accept plastic money from March 1, a report has claimed. As per the report, the Canteen Stores Department ( CSD) has almost 1. 2 crore direct customers in form of serving and retired personnel along with their families. Around 3, 900 CSD stores across India sell over 5, 300 products on discounted rates. 
Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill once called Mahatma Gandhi " a seditious Middle Temple lawyer, now posing as a fakir. . . striding half- naked up the steps of the Viceregal Palace. " Churchill was unhappy at Gandhi' s participation at the Second Round Table Conference in London in 1931. Churchill even suggested Gandhi should be allowed to die if he goes on hunger strike. 
BJP Uttar Pradesh chief KP Maurya on Tuesday said the Ram Mandir at Ayodhya will be constructed after elections if BJP wins a majority in the state. This comes ahead of the first of the seven- phase elections in UP. Adding that Ram Mandir is a subject of faith, Maurya said, " It is not going to be built in two months. " 
Demanding revocation of ban on Kambala buffalo race, Karnataka MLA Abhaya Chandra Jain said, " It' s my duty to support kambala. For the sake of public, I am ready to go to jail. " He further said, " Kambala is our tulunadu culture, if Centre can give opportunity to Jallikattu, this is a question of our tulunadu and we are very particular about Kambala. " 
Private sector lender HDFC Bank on Tuesday reported its lowest- ever quarterly profit growth of 15% at ? 3, 865 crore for the December quarter. The slow growth was attributed to the government' s decision to demonetise high- value currency. Notably, the lender had consistently delivered 30% profit growth for more than 32 quarters without a break till about two years ago. 
A father and son duo from the United States' Ohio, who have been accused of raping a teenage girl repeatedly from 2012 to 2015, want to use the Holy Bible in their defence, reports said. " We want to use God' s holy word to ask questions, questions that we believe are absolutely vital to our case, " one of the accused said. 
The Supreme Court has asked the BCCI and Centre to propose names for an interim administrative committee for BCCI. This comes after SC, which was supposed to name the administrators on Tuesday, earlier rejected nine names suggested by amicus curiae since they were above 70 years of age. The BCCI President and Secretary were sacked by SC earlier this month. 
A new resolution passed by the Maharashtra government stated that the Governor, Chief Minister, Deputy CM, Chief Justice and Lokayukta can buy any car regardless of the cost. Cabinet ministers and ministers of state have been given a limit of ? 20 lakh. Whereas for the Chief Secretary and Secretary, the limit is ? 15 lakh and ? 12 lakh respectively. 
The Allahabad High Court has stayed the Uttar Pradesh government' s order to include 17 sub- castes in the Scheduled Caste category. In December, the UP government had issued an order naming the sub- castes, earlier classified in the Other Backward Classes category, into the SC list. Recently, the HC directed the State to file its reply on a petition challenging the decision. 
Swiss tennis star Roger Federer will face compatriot and world number four Stanislas Wawrinka in the semifinal of the Australian Open 2017. The four- time Australian Open champion defeated Germany' s Mischa Zverev in straight sets to reach his 13th semifinal at the tournament and his 41st Grand Slam semifinal overall. Notably, Zverev had knocked out Andy Murray in the 4th round. 
The British government must hold a vote in both houses of the Parliament before starting the process of leaving the European Union, the country' s Supreme Court ruled on Tuesday. UK Prime Minister Theresa May had earlier promised lawmakers a vote on the outcome of the Brexit talks, but had hoped to trigger the talks without parliamentary approval. 
The Survey of India will " re- measure" the height of Mount Everest as scientists have expressed doubts over this following the 2015 Nepal earthquake, Surveyor General Swarna Subba Rao has announced. Rao added, " there is a doubt in the scientific community that it is shrinking. That is one of the reasons. Second reason is, it helps in scientific studies, plate movements. " 
The Economic Offences Wing of the Delhi Police has ordered a probe on a complaint filed by an NGO against alleged corruption by Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal' s brother- in- law Surender Kumar Bansal. The NGO has claimed that Bansal, who had the tender to construct a drain, had submitted fake bills and invoices to the Public Works Department and made huge profits. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan has condoled the death of a person who died during a stampede caused by Khan' s arrival at the Vadodara railway station on Monday night. " It' s unfortunate, my prayers are with the family of the deceased, " said Shah Rukh. The man reportedly died of suffocation during the stampede. Police resorted to lathi- charge to disperse the crowd. 
Written and composed by Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore, ' Jana Gana Mana' was officially declared as India? s National Anthem on January 24, 1950. It was first sung on December 27, 1911, in Calcutta ( now Kolkata) during a convention of the Indian National Congress. A formal rendition of ' Jana Gana Mana' , which is written in Bengali Sanskrit, takes 52 seconds. 
The Indian Air Force ( IAF) aircraft on Monday airlifted 96, 000 litres of fuel to the crisis- stricken Manipur. As per reports, 70 tonne more petroleum products will be sent soon in the poll- bound state. Since November 1, the United Naga Council has imposed the economic blockade on NH2 ( Imphal- Dimapur) and NH37 ( Imphal- Jiribam) that serve as lifelines for the landlocked Manipur. 
Women were spotted wearing hijabs made out of the American flag at the Women' s March in Washington, DC, held against the new US President Donald Trump. Some non- Muslim women also reportedly wore the flag hijab to the march in a show of support. Ever since his election campaign, Donald Trump said he plans to ban Muslims from entering the US. 
The Indian security forces on Tuesday killed two suspected Lashkar- e- Taiba militants in an encounter in Ganderbal district of Kashmir. The security forces have recovered two AK- 47 rifles from the slain militants. The encounter started after militants believed to be hiding inside a house opened fire as soon as security forces cordoned off the Hadoora village. 
Wriddhiman Saha scored his maiden double century as Rest of India beat Ranji Trophy champions Gujarat to win the Irani Trophy by six wickets on Tuesday. He shared a 316- run fifth- wicket stand with Cheteshwar Pujara, who scored his 37th first- class century. The Irani Trophy is an annual one- off match played between the Ranji winners and a Rest of India team. 
A gelato store in the Australian city of Sydney serves colourful rose- shaped ice creams. The store manager of i- Creamy, Pat says, " We sculpt each flower petal by petal. Each flower gelato contains about 20 petals. " The ice cream flavours include Caramel Choco Chip, Peanut Butter, Pop Corn, and Thai Milk Tea. 
Swedish brewery PangPang has created a beer meant to be consumed in the shower. The ' Shower Beer' has a soapy flavour and a relatively higher alcohol content as compared to other beers. The brewery says the beer is " sweet, but strong" and " meant to gulp in three sips while standing in the shower. " 
Union Minister for Consumer Affairs Ram Vilas Paswan on Monday mixed up Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan with Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam and got trolled on Twitter. The Minister made the mistake while sharing pictures of his meeting with the Kerala CM and his team of officers at his residence in New Delhi. 
Actor Shahid Kapoor has shared a picture of his brother Ishaan Khattar from the launch of his debut film ' Beyond The Clouds' . The film is also the first Indian film of Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi, who is known for directing Iran' s first Oscar nominated film ' Children of Heaven' . Majidi said, " Ishaan is a wonderful boy. He is extremely talented. " 
Hrithik Roshan, speaking on his film ' Kaabil' and Shah Rukh Khan' s ' Raees' releasing on the same day, said there cannot be any bad blood between him and Shah Rukh. " If there is understanding between friends, you can still compete and come out with an even better relationship, " he added. However, the clash will be commercially detrimental to both films, Hrithik added. 
BJP MP Subramanian Swamy on Monday claimed the sudden violence at Chennai' s Marina Beach during the ongoing Jallikattu protests was triggered by Pakistan' s spy agency - Inter- Services Intelligence ( ISI) . This comes after violence broke out on Marina Beach and police used tear gas and water cannons to contain the mob. The organisers and genuine agitators had already dispersed, Swamy claimed. 
A 22- year- old man was arrested in west Delhi for allegedly raping his 17- year- old sister and molesting his 13- year- old sister, police said. Reportedly, the accused had been assaulting his sisters for the past one year and threatened to throw them out of the house if they complained. Their father passed away two years ago and their mother is suffering from cancer. 
Authorities have intercepted two cases of illegal smuggling at the Mumbai Airport, according to reports. In one of the cases, a passenger was found trying to remove gold pieces, worth over ? 37 lakh, from a mixer upon his arrival. In another case, the accused were planning to export tobacco products and mobile phones, worth over ? 5 lakh, out of India. 
US- based startup Socratic run by engineers including one of Indian- origin, has launched an artificial intelligence ( AI) app that provides solutions to algebra equations by just clicking a picture of questions. The app reads both math and science questions - even handwritten ones - and gives students step- by- step solutions. It also shows graphs, videos and definitions to support the solutions. 
An Afghan national, who had swallowed 57 heroin- filled capsules worth ? 2 crore, fell unconscious at Delhi Airport and was later arrested. The man was going back to Afghanistan after being unable to sell any drugs in Delhi. He was offloaded by the airline when he felt unwell and was sent to the hospital, where the capsules were taken out. 
The Delhi Traffic Police is reportedly planning to include music therapy as part of its one- day training programme for traffic rule violators. The aim is to make the offenders feel that they are getting some kind of creative satisfaction while being trained, said an officer. A tender will soon be floated for the procurement of music systems. 
The Jat community in Haryana and UP has reportedly decided to resume its agitation for reservation from January 29 and said it would vote against BJP in the polls. Notably, several western UP districts like Saharanpur, Shamli, Muzaffarnagar, Bulandshahr, Meerut, Bagpat have a large population of Jats. " The BJP government in Haryana cheated us last time, ? said a Jat leader. 
The court papers of the cases against the 13 AAP MLAs show the Delhi Police is struggling to explain the charges in most cases, a report has claimed. The police have arrested 13 AAP MLAs since 2014 on charges ranging from rape, extortion, cheating to rioting. Although for most of these offences bail isn? t granted, all the MLAs got bail. 
In a ruling over a petition challenging liquor prohibition in the state, the Kerala High Court quoted Nobel laureate Bob Dylan' s popular song ' The Times They Are a- Changin' while dismissing the plea. Adding that what is socially unacceptable may not be so tomorrow, the court asked the petitioner to have hope as " the times they are a- changing. " 
Virat Kohli' s fan Nikash Kanhar, who hails from Kandhamal district in Odisha, sold off his mother' s jewellery to finance his travels and meet the cricketer. The 33- year old private bus conductor has met Kohli four times, the last being at the second ODI in Cuttack. " Kohli asks me about myself whenever he sees me, " said Nikash. 
MS Dhoni was felicitated by Cricket Association of Bengal during the Kolkata ODI between India and England on Sunday. Former Indian captain Kapil Dev handed a crystal trophy to Dhoni, who was also given a shawl by the CAB Joint Secretary and a memento by the Mumbai Cricket Association. A video showing Dhoni' s World Cup- winning six was also aired. 
The Indian postal department released a special stamp cover featuring Olympic medalists PV Sindhu and Sakshi Malik, and gymnast Dipa Karmakar, in Agartala on Saturday. The special cover is titled " Golden girls of India - Pride of Nation" . One of the images on the cover also features Dipa' s coach Bishweshwar Nandi, who was awarded the Dronacharya award. 
Oxford University has been directed to face trial over a claim for $ 1 million ( around ? 6. 8 crore) compensation after an Indian- origin student Faiz Siddiqui sued the varsity for " hopelessly bad" and " boring" teaching, according to reports. Oxford University had argued that the claim was baseless and should be struck out because it had been over 16 years since Siddiqui graduated. 
The Income Tax department on Sunday warned black money holders that their undisclosed assets are " not hidden" from its gaze. It further advised them to avail the ongoing one- time disclosure window under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojna to come clean on their stashed funds. The department further added that " total confidentiality" is ensured under the scheme. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra has shown her support for the Women' s March against US President Donald Trump, organised in Washington DC on Saturday. " So proud of all my sisters and the men that are at the # WomensMarch I am so upset I could not go, " she tweeted. Celebrities including Emma Watson, Madonna, Natalie Portman and Miley Cyrus took part in the protest rally. 
Shah Rukh Khan has expressed his desire to play late actor- director Guru Dutt in a biopic. " I would love to essay Guru Dutt saab' s life, " he said. Guru Dutt is best known for films like ' Pyaasa' and ' Kaagaz Ke Phool' . Shah Rukh further said that he has no identity of his own and it is his work that defines him. 
Advocate Ajaykumar S Waghmare has filed a petition at the Bombay High Court, asking that the word ' LLB' should be deleted from the title of Akshay Kumar' s ' Jolly LLB 2' . He stated that it is an attempt to malign the reputation of the legal profession. He further said the trailer shows the characters playing cards and dancing in court premises. 
Kotak Mahindra Bank MD Uday Kotak has said he would like to see a little bit of " animal spirit" in Indian businesses and entrepreneurs to come back. He further said that a nudge from the government, to see growth, would certainly be welcome. This would also help many from the startup ecosystem in moving to mainstream business arena, he added. 
Delhi is all set to get 10 more pollution monitoring stations before next winter to help in better handling of air quality, according to reports. The aim is to have at least three monitoring points in each of the Delhi districts. This comes after the graded response plan was enforced across the capital by the Supreme Court- appointed pollution control body. 
Seven school students in Mumbai got injured after they cut themselves with a pencil sharpener blade as part of a dare, according to reports. Even though all the students were bleeding profusely from the cuts, they did not tell anyone. When the students came with bandages on their hands the next day, the school felt something amiss and questioned them. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday released the Samajwadi Party' s election manifesto. The manifesto has promised to give one litre ghee to poor kids of primary schools and pressure cooker to women from economically weaker sections. Further, Akhilesh Yadav has also promised a ' Samajwadi Smartphone Scheme' , wherein the government will distribute free smartphones. 
Forty tribal guests from different parts of the country have been invited by the government to witness this year' s Republic Day parade on the Rajpath in New Delhi. They will get to watch the Republic Day parade and the Beating Retreat ceremony. Further, they will also meet President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice President Hamid Ansari, and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 
The Environment Pollution ( Prevention and Control) Authority, appointed by the Supreme Court, on Friday enforced measures under " very poor" category for Delhi, like a blanket ban on garbage burning and firecrackers. The panel also directed the Delhi government to come up with a parking policy and the city police to impose heavy fines on illegally parked vehicles. 
A Special Task Force ( STF) for women safety has been reconstituted in Delhi with the approval of L- G Anil Baijal, who will head the body. The STF will have 17 members in total. The aim is to review decisions taken by authorities regarding safety of women. Earlier, the body worked under the Central Home Secretary but was dissolved in 2016. 
The Rashtrapati Bhavan on Saturday wrote to Election Commission after President Pranab Mukherjee' s pictures appeared in Congress hoarding in poll- bound Punjab. It asked the EC to ensure the neutrality of his office is not breached in any manner. " All political parties should desist from ever linking the President to any political party for political goals, " wrote President' s Secretary Omita Paul. 
A West Bengal court on Saturday pronounced death sentence to three Lashkar- e- Taiba operatives on charges of sedition. In 2007, four LeT operatives were arrested from the Indo- Bangladesh border for infiltrating into India. While one of the four men fled from CID custody in 2013, rest three were charged under Section 121 IPC for waging a war against India. 
Terming Tamil Nadu government' s ordinance to allow Jallikattu as a temporary solution, residents of Alanganallur in Madurai have vowed to not allow the conduct of the festival. Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam was scheduled to inaugurate the bull- taming festival from Alanganallur on Sunday. Panneerselvam had earlier promised to pass a new law in the upcoming Assembly session allowing Jallikattu. 
As per reports, 52- year- old Assistant Sub- Inspector Raj Singh helped arrest his own son, who was guilty of stabbing a 23- year- old female playschool teacher nine times. Singh, posted in west district, was on a seven- day medical leave when he learnt about his son' s involvement in the stabbing case. Reportedly, Singh first warned his relatives not to give his son a shelter. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan, talking about his experience of working with Salman Khan in ' Tubelight' , said he always had fun working with him. " Our scene comes at a very special juncture in the film, " he revealed about his cameo role. Shah Rukh will reportedly play the role of a magician in the film directed by Kabir Khan. 
The central intelligence agencies have reportedly said that top BJP leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, are the targets of Maoists during election rallies for the upcoming Assembly polls. The Maoists have also suggested to carry out serial IED blasts in Uttar Pradesh by deploying ' suitable cadres' from outside. The intelligence has briefed Special Protection Group in this regard. 
Money. co. uk founder Chris Morling spent £ 3 million ( ? 25. 3 crore) to build an office which features an ice cave, ski lodge, Star Wars- themed movie theatre, and gaming arcade. The office, based in a Victorian castle in England, features Rolling Stones- themed bathrooms and a yoga studio. His staff, paid up to £ 500, 000 a year, are also sent on annual all- expenses paid trips. 
Former US President Barack Obama has left Washington DC in a helicopter after Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. Obama and his family were escorted by President Donald Trump and Vice- President Mike Pence. The Obamas will now fly the Air Force One for the last time to Palm Springs, California for a vacation. 
RSS leader Manmohan Vaidya on Friday said that the caste- based reservation should end at some point. " Ambedkar said that such a reservation policy is not good for any country if it continues perpetually, " he added. However, RSS leader Dattatreya Hosabale clarified Vaidya' s remark, stating he meant till there is discrimination against certain population groups, caste- based quota should continue. 
Actor Rishi Kapoor revealed that he was two- years- old when he first started taking ' bribes' . He explained that he was not ready to do a scene in his father Raj Kapoor' s film ' Shree 420' and it was a chocolate bribe by Nargis Dutt that convinced him to do it. He said this during a session at the ongoing Jaipur Literature Festival. 
Outgoing US President Barack Obama on Thursday expressed his gratitude to Americans by posting a letter on Facebook. " Throughout these eight years, you have been the source of goodness, resilience. . . from which I have pulled strength, " Obama wrote. " When the arc of progress seems slow, remember: America is not the project of any one person, " he added. 
US Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Wednesday said he had opposed commuting the prison sentence of convicted whistleblower Chelsea Manning. President Barack Obama has reduced Manning' s 35- year prison term by nearly 29 years. Manning, a former US Army soldier, was convicted in 2013 of espionage and other crimes for leaking classified information while deployed in Iraq. 
Actress Vaani Kapoor has said that if there is anything which did not work in her 2016 film ' Befikre' , it is probably her. " I was the biggest risk factor for ' Befikre' because everyone else in the team had. . . already proven their worth, " she added. Notably, ' Befikre' , also starring Ranveer Singh, was Vaani' s second Hindi film, after the 2013 film ' Shuddh Desi Romance' . 
Journalist Siddhant Adlakha has claimed that he " got kicked out" of Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani' s office, when he questioned him on the film certification process during an interview. " You ( media) are interfering without any reason in our business, " said Nihalani. When Adlakha asked him if the Board curtails the rights of producers as artistes, Nihalani asked him to leave. 
A seven- year- old boy died after drowning in an open drain in south Delhi' s Malviya Nagar on Thursday. The victim was reportedly playing with his friends inside a park and stepped towards the drain to pick up a cricket ball, when he slipped and drowned. A case of negligence has been registered against Delhi Development Authority, responsible for maintaining the park. 
Jawaharlal Nehru University' s teachers who participated in a day- long strike will lose one day' s salary, according to a notice by the university registrar. The strike was observed on Tuesday after several teachers received notices asking them to " follow the rules" and not address students at administration building. Reportedly, protesting within 20 metres of the administration building is banned. 
Billionaire investor George Soros said that UK PM Theresa May will not remain in power for long as Brexit cripples her government, while US President- elect Donald Trump is a ? would- be dictator? who is ? going to fail? . On the eve of Trump? s inauguration as President, Soros further said Trump was an ? impostor and con- man? and was ? gearing up for a trade war? . 
Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, the first phone with Google' s augmented reality camera, has been launched in India at ? 29, 999. Through its depth- sensing Google Tango camera, the phone can map out physical spaces, track its own position in a room, and follow objects. Powered by a Snapdragon 652 processor, the 6. 4- inch phone has 4 GB RAM and 4, 050 mAh battery. 
Following his 150- run knock in the second ODI against England, Yuvraj Singh said that Sachin Tendulkar calling him a " superstar" is a little embarrassing. " What an amazing partnership between a superstar and a rockstar! ! We enjoyed the show : ) @ YUVSTRONG12 @ msdhoni # INDvENG" , tweeted Sachin Tendulkar. The 35- year- old scored his 14th ODI hundred, coming after a gap of almost six years. 
The Punjab and Haryana High Court on Thursday observed that going by the statements of two witnesses and the clothes laced with semen found at the site, it is evident that gang- rape was committed at Murthal last year during Jat quota agitation. The court also ordered the Haryana government- constituted Special Investigation Team to investigate and identify the victims and perpetrators. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav' s uncle Shivpal Yadav' s name has figured in the political party' s list of 191 candidates for the first three phases of the seven- phase Assembly election starting February 11. The senior Samajwadi Party leader has also got a ticket from Jaswantnagar. Notably, Shivpal Yadav supported Mulayam Singh in the fight for claim over party' s symbol. 
Politicians in the poll- bound states including Punjab, UP, Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur could be targetted by terrorists, the intelligence agencies have reportedly warned. As per a report, a Lashkar- e- Taiba module has been specifically formed with a task to destabilise electoral process in these states. It' s also being said that a number of BJP and RSS leaders could be their target. 
The Islamic State is plotting an attack on Delhi courts ahead of Republic Day, the intelligence bureau has reportedly claimed. The militant group' s sympathisers, hiding in Delhi for some time now, have done a recce of the high court and district courts for the attack, a report stated. Reports further stated that the attack in Delhi could be Pathankot- like. 
Amid the ongoing protests over the ban on the bull- taming sport, Jallikattu, in Tamil Nadu, DMK on Thursday called for a statewide ' rail roko' agitation on Friday. This comes after PETA said it may take the legal route if the Centre brings an ordinance to allow conducting Jallikattu. Our campaign is against cruelty towards all animals, PETA added. 
The National Investigating Agency ( NIA) on Thursday said that 78 bank accounts of preacher Zakir Naik' s NGO Islamic Research Foundation ( IRF) are under its scanner. The agency also made it clear that next under scrutiny will be Naik' s foreign bank accounts. The NIA has further claimed that IRF investments in real estate business stand at a whopping ? 100 crore. 
The Indian Sports Ministry has decided to postpone the Archery Asia Cup, following the Archery Association of India' s delay in accepting the Sports Code. The championship was scheduled to begin in Delhi later this month and had received entries from five countries. The ministry denied the association a No Objection Certificate ( NOC) for not implementing the code. 
A man was arrested on Thursday along with his accomplice for stabbing a 21- year- old woman in Najafgarh area in Delhi, according to reports. The accused, a friend of the victim' s brother, claimed to be in love with the victim. When she rejected his proposal for a relationship, he decided to kill her, he told the police. 
Actor Rishi Kapoor bought his Filmfare award for the film ' Bobby' for an amount of ? 30, 000 in 1973. " Yes, I bought a film award for ? 30, 000 in 1973. I am ashamed of what I did but was young and rich! " he said. Kapoor received the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for ' Bobby' , which marked his debut as a male lead. 
Cricketer- turned- politician Navjot Singh Sidhu, who recently joined the Congress, held a joint press conference with Captain Amarinder Singh on Thursday and said, " Baap baap hota hai, beta beta hota hai. " Dismissing rumours that Sidhu is not on agreeable terms with Amarinder Singh, the Captain said, " I am his wicketkeeper. I will catch him in the slips. " 
Former PM Manmohan Singh, in a letter dated 2015, had termed the bull- taming sport Jallikattu a " cruel form of entertainment" , while the Congress party has supported the protests against its ban in 2017. Adding that traditional Jallikattu must be allowed, Congress leader Digvijaya Singh has said that it is much better than bullfighting in Spain where the Bull is killed. 
According to reports, the Mamata Banerjee- led West Bengal government has decided to enter the liquor distribution business amid a revenue crunch faced by the government. A government- owned corporation will distribute Indian- made foreign liquor and country liquor across the state. Notably, the state government has allowed bars in three- star hotels and above to serve liquor for 365 days in a year. 
Indo- Canadian YouTube personality Lilly Singh, also known as Superwoman, was named the Favourite YouTube Star at the 2017 People' s Choice Awards in Los Angeles. PewDiePie, Miranda Sings, Shane Dawson and Tyler Oakley were the other nominees in the category. With over 10 million subscribers on YouTube, numerous celebrities including Priyanka Chopra have featured in Lilly' s videos. nn
Six policemen carried a 23- year- old pregnant woman for over three hours through a snow- capped village in Himachal Pradesh, to ensure she reached the hospital. They carried the woman, Kamini, in a chair for 10 kilometres as an ambulance was unable to reach her home due to snowfall. Kamini later gave birth to a baby girl at the hospital in Shimla. 
A 55- year- old police inspector tasked with disposing of seized drugs was found with ecstasy, heroin, cocaine, and cannabis worth £ 700, 000 ( about ? 6 crore) at his house, a UK court was told. The inspector supplied the drugs to others, the prosecutor said, adding, " What was found. . . would have kept a 1970s rock star, as well as his band, entertained for weeks. " 
Actor Harshvardhan Kapoor has expressed his displeasure over Diljit Dosanjh bagging the Best Debut trophy at the Filmfare Awards. " I think a debutant award is meant for someone working on his first film. It should not go to an actor who has worked in several films in another industry or language, " he said. Diljit has previously worked in several Punjabi films. 
Karim Morani, known for producing films like ' Chennai Express' and ' Ra. One' , has been booked by the Hyderabad police for allegedly raping a 25- year- old woman. The woman has claimed that Morani had raped her in Mumbai and Hyderabad on different occasions after promising marriage. Morani has denied the allegations and said that the complaint was a bid to malign his reputation. 
At least 24 schoolchildren were killed and over 30 injured as a bus collided with a truck in UP' s Etah district on Thursday. Driver of the bus, which was reportedly carrying nearly 50 students of JS Vidya School, was also killed in the accident. The school was open despite administration' s order to close schools due to cold weather, police said. 
The residents' association of the Belvedere Tower Condominium in Gurugram has identified the person allegedly flinging dog faeces from an apartment in Tower A. The accused was identified after the association questioned the 15 dog owners living in the tower. Earlier, a notice requesting residents to come forward with information about the " disgusting act" had emerged. 
After reports said that Congress veteran ND Tiwari has joined the BJP ahead of the Uttarakhand Assembly election, the party clarified that only his son Rohit Shekhar has joined. The BJP clarified that ND Tiwari ( 91) , a three- time Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, only accompanied his son and extended his support to the party. 
Former England captain Nasser Hussain has suggested a three- point plan to dismiss Indian captain Virat Kohli. The three- point strategy outlined by Hussain includes forcing Kohli to play shots on one side of the field. Hussain also advised the English players that they should work on Virat Kohli' s ego and bowl bouncers to him to try dismissing him. 
Two girls seen in the controversial kiss and run ' prank' video, which was uploaded on YouTube channel ' Crazy Sumit' , have said that the YouTuber is their friend. However, they said that they were unaware that the video would be uploaded on the internet for monetary gain, contrary to Sumit' s claims. Following the contradictions, the police would now grill Sumit again. 
Security at Delhi airport and Metro stations has been strengthened following inputs that seven terrorists have reportedly managed to get army uniforms. Moreover, personnel on election duty in Punjab have also been asked to be on alert. The security at the airport is already being maintained at the highest level in view of the Republic Day, an official said. 
A six- year- old orphan boy was allegedly sexually assaulted multiple times by three staffers of a yoga ashram in central Delhi. Reportedly, the boy was being victimised for a long time and the incident came to light after an ashram counsellor was informed about it. One of the accused allegedly thrashed a counsellor when he was questioned about the abuse. 
As per reports, the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) has replaced the word ' chinal' , the Hindi word for slut, with ' jhoothi' ( liar) in the film ' Rangoon' . Two other cuss words bastard and bak* * * * have also been reportedly replaced, with ' rascal' being used instead of bastard while ' bakchor' was used for ' bak* * * * . The film has been awarded a U/ A certificate. 
Actor Rishi Kapoor, while speaking on his relationship with son Ranbir Kapoor said that Ranbir does not want to be a father like him. " I cannot be a friend to a son, " he added. Rishi further said, " I am not the type of guy who will ask him to share secrets of his girlfriends. . . I am sorry. It' s my failure" . 
An amount of ? 56 crore was recovered from poll- bound Uttar Pradesh till January 17, the Election Commission said. Further, 1. 98 lakh litres alcohol worth over ? 6 crore was also seized from the state. In total, the poll panel recovered ? 64 crore in cash, liquor worth over ? 6 crore and narcotics worth over ? 2 crore from all the five election- bound states. 
A man mistakenly received ? 70, 000 instead of ? 3, 500 from a Bank of Baroda ATM in Rajasthan' s Tonk town on Tuesday. Around 10 people are believed to have received extra cash from the ATM, which an official said, was malfunctioning after ? 2, 000 notes were stored in ? 100 notes slot. The ATM dispensed ? 6. 76 lakh cash before it was shut down. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra has revealed that she plans to bring her ' Baywatch' co- stars Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron to India. " [ W] e are doing a big promotional thing around the world and they know how important India is to me. . . I always tell them India is an experience and you have to be there at least a month, " she said. 
India' s 10- member contingent won six medals finishing third at the Nations Cup in Serbia, despite missing their luggage and being stranded at the airport for 24 hours. The women boxers' flights got cancelled following snowstorms across Europe. They reached the destination a night before the competition, while their luggage, which contained their medical books, came later. 
At least two people were killed while many were wounded after hundreds of villagers protesting against a power grid project clashed in West Bengal' s Bhangar on Tuesday, reports said. The victims died of bullet injuries, but villagers said police did not fire at them and alleged the involvement of supporters of the ruling TMC, reports added. 
UAE' s envoy to India Ahmed Al Banna has denied media reports claiming that underworld don Dawood Ibrahim' s assets worth ? 15, 000 crore were seized in Dubai. " A legal process has to be followed in the country for an action against any individual, " he said. Notably, BJP had also cited the reports claiming the seizure to be PM Narendra Modi' s diplomatic masterstroke. 
Several protesters sat throughout the night at Marina Beach in Chennai, demanding the continuation of bull- taming sport Jallikattu and a ban on animal rights group PETA. Further, lawyers in Namakkal district have announced a boycott of courts in protest. Notably, the Supreme Court had banned Jallikattu in May 2014 by terming it as cruelty to animals. 
Former Indian captain Kapil Dev was inducted into the Legends Club ' Hall of Fame' at the Cricket Club of India in Mumbai on Tuesday. He was presented with a citation by ex- India player Madhav Apte, with former India captains Ajit Wadekar, Sunil Gavaskar and Nari Contractor also in attendance. Gavaskar was already inducted in the Hall of Fame in 2013. 
Hollywood actress Dakota Johnson, known for playing ' Anastasia Steele' in the ' Fifty Shades' film series said she wants to explore her bisexuality following her split from model- singer Matthew Hitt. " S* * t happens, " she said while speaking about the split. Dakota added, " I think I am a little bit heartbroken all the time, even when I am in a happy relationship" . 
Outgoing United States President Barack Obama and his family will board Air Force One for the last time to fly to Palm Springs, California for a vacation after Donald Trump' s inauguration on Friday. Notably, it is a tradition for the outgoing president to take one last flight on the presidential plane before handing it over to the new president. 
The Shanghai Maritime Court in China has sold a seized foreign ship for $ 2. 41 million ( ? 16 crore) at an online auction through Chinese e- commerce giant Alibaba. The Panamanian- flagged Mahoni was seized in May after crew members filed a lawsuit claiming its owner had not been paying them. The auction attracted over 12, 000 viewers and went through 63 rounds of offers. 
The Delhi Assembly on Tuesday passed a resolution directing the AAP government to probe alleged mismanagement of finances in the Municipal Corporations of Delhi ( MCDs) . AAP MLA Saurabh Bharadwaj has claimed that MCDs have failed to pay the salaries of their employees despite receiving funds from the Delhi government. He also accused them of refusing an audit. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday told voters in Punjab they should accept bribes offered by other political parties but cast their vote only for AAP. This comes a day after Election Commission issued a notice to Kejriwal for similar remarks in Goa alleging that it promoted bribery. If they are offering ? 5, 000, ask for ? 10, 000, Kejriwal said to voters. 
Bihar Police on Tuesday reportedly said it is probing Pakistan' s spy agency ISI' s role in the Indore- Patna derailment accident near Kanpur on November 20, which claimed nearly 150 lives. The police have arrested three people in the matter who confessed they worked for a Nepalese contact suspected to be connected to ISI to target the Railways. 
A man stabbed his five- year- old son who had asked for ? 2 to buy a kite, leaving the kid severely injured in Varanasi, according to police. The accused, identified as Vinod, works as a tourist guide and was reportedly facing a financial crisis. Currently, the injured boy is undergoing treatment at a private hospital. 
A Delhi couple, currently lodged in Tihar jail, have been running a prostitution ring from the prison, according to reports. This came to light after a 16- year- old girl was rescued from a brothel, which is owned by the couple. The duo has been involved in trafficking girls and forcing them into prostitution reportedly for the past 17 years. 
Croatia' s Ivo Karlovic and Argentina' s Horacio Zeballos' first round match on Tuesday became the longest- ever Australian Open match in terms of the number of games played. The match, which ended with Karlovic winning 6- 7, 3- 6, 7- 5, 6- 2, 22- 20 in 5 hours and 15 minutes, featured 84 games. The fifth set featured 42 games, taking 2 hours, 37 minutes to finish. 
The BJP on Tuesday demanded that the Election Commission freeze the election symbol of the Congress, alleging that its Vice President Rahul Gandhi violated the model code of conduct by linking his party symbol " hand" with various religious figures. " This is a clear- cut case of corrupt practice. There should be action against both Congress and its leader, " the BJP said. 
National Award- winning Tamil filmmaker Vetrimaaran, extending his support for the ancient bull- taming sport ' Jallikattu' , said that if PETA is really concerned about welfare of animals, they should first ban crackers on Diwali. " If someone is torturing bulls, that needs to be stopped. . . but these are ethnic identities which when. . . threatened put a lot of pressure on the. . . community, " he added. nn
England fast bowler Jake Ball on Tuesday said that England bowlers will use short balls to unsettle Virat Kohli and will not let him find his rhythm while batting during the second ODI. " He' s an unbelievable player. We' ve got plans for him and, hopefully, we can put them into practice in a couple of days' time, " added Ball. 
The German passport is the strongest in the world, offering visa- free or visa on arrival facilities to 157 countries, according to a list by global financial advisory firm Arton Capital. The passports of Sweden and Singapore share the second place, with a visa- free score of 156. Meanwhile, the Indian passport has ranked 78 with a visa- free score of 46. 
The Delhi High Court has asked the Home Ministry and the Border Security Force to reply to its notice on the alleged poor quality of food being served to the jawans. The issue came to light after a jawan posted a video on social media showing poor quality food being served to them, which was followed by several similar claims. 
A special CBI court on Tuesday charged Sheena Bora murder case' s key accused - Indrani Mukerjea, Peter Mukerjea and Sanjeev Khanna - with murder and criminal conspiracy. The CBI had stated that Indrani had killed Sheena with the assistance of her ex- husband Sanjeev and driver Shyamvar. The CBI had also said that Indrani' s husband Peter was aware of the crime. 
As per reports, actor Shah Rukh Khan will play the role of a magician in the Salman Khan starrer upcoming film ' Tubelight' . The co- producer of ' Tubelight' , Amar Butala, took to Twitter to confirm that SRK will be a part of the film. Directed by Kabir Khan, ' Tubelight' is set in the backdrop of the 1962 war between China and India. 
The Income Tax Department has unearthed over ? 1, 550 crore black money from various fake firms and entities run by hawala dealers through fake bank entries since note ban, according to an official report. While ? 930 crore was recovered from hawala dealers, ? 200 crore was recovered from 80 accounts in Delhi. Another ? 200 crore was recovered from Kolkata, Gurugram and Karnataka. 
Some terror outfits operating in India are plotting a Nice ( France) - style lone- wolf attack during the Republic Day celebrations, intelligence agencies have reportedly said. As per the inputs, the militants may try to target the Parliament. Heavy vehicles could be used deliberately to be driven into crowds to kill a maximum number of people like Nice attack, said a report. 
Paedophile Sunil Rastogi, accused of sexually assaulting 600 minor schoolgirls in Delhi and NCR, used to take the girls to dingy rooms on rooftops and forced them to try out new clothes before him, said a report. He threatened to throw them from the building and cripple them for life, three victims have reportedly told the police. 
BJP National General Secretary Ram Madhav has said demonetisation was never an electoral or political decision, it was taken in the long- term interest of the economy. He further asserted that there was no parallel economy running after demonetisation. " Black money is the result of aberrations in the society and whoever is holding the same needs to be punished, " he added. n
The gunman suspected of killing 39 people in an Istanbul nightclub on New Year' s Day has been caught, Turkish officials confirmed on Tuesday. The Uzbek national, identified as Abdulkadir Masharipov, was captured in a house just 40 km from the site of the attack. According to reports, four other people, including three women, were also arrested along with him. 
China on Monday slammed the outgoing US government over its support for India' s Nuclear Suppliers Group membership bid and said NSG membership cannot be some kind of " farewell gift" which countries can give to each other. This comes after the US slammed China by calling it an ' outlier' for blocking India' s bid to become a member of the NSG. 
AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala' s husband M Natarajan on Monday accused the BJP of trying to destabilise the Tamil Nadu government. " There are also attempts to saffronise Tamil Nadu but they will not succeed. I will tour the entire state and tear their mask, " he said. " I am willing to come anywhere single- handedly, to Gujarat, to UP, anywhere, " he added. 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Monday showed his torn kurta that he was wearing to the crowd at a rally in poll- bound Uttarakhand. " I am doing politics for the poor. PM Narendra Modi' s photo appears with the super rich, " Rahul said. " See, I wear torn kurta. You' ll never find Modiji wearing a torn kurta, " Gandhi added. 
People of Kanjirangudi in Tamil Nadu conducted bull- taming sport Jallikattu despite the Supreme Court' s ban declaring that it is their traditional sport and it cannot be banned. Police reached the spot hearing the news and requested the crowd to stop the event as it is banned. Earlier, Jallikattu was held in several other places and arrests were also made. 
Mukesh Ambani- led Reliance Jio has said it continues to face interconnection congestion issues with some operators, including 175 calls out of every 1, 000 calls failing from Jio to Airtel network. This has persisted even months after commencement of Jio' s services, it stated. " Indian customers are still being denied the benefits of superior voice technology on Jio' s. . . network, " it added. 
Shah Rukh Khan, while reacting to actress Meryl Streep' s recent speech, said that he is an actor and not a vocal leader. " She found a platform and. . . people who appreciated what she said. In India, everybody has so many opinions that they want to pick on something others say, " said SRK. He added he does not want to comment on issues. 
Pakistani actor Fawad Khan' s wife Sadaf Khan has shared the first picture of their daughter Elayna, three months after her birth in October. The picture, which was taken during their son Ayaan' s birthday, shows Fawad holding Elayna. Earlier, Fawad ordered 112 custom- made red velvet floral- themed cakes to announce his daughter' s name to his family and friends. 
The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to the government, Facebook, WhatsApp, and telecom regulator TRAI over a plea that sought government regulation of online messaging services. The plea alleged the social networking sites compromise the privacy of interpersonal communication of over 15 crore people in the country. The court has further sought replies to these notices within two weeks. 
Petr Nitka, a model from the Czech Republic, will become the first gender neutral model to walk at India' s Lakmé Fashion Week in its upcoming Summer/ Resort 2017 edition. Petr has walked for both menswear and womenswear. " With every season, Lakmé Fashion Week is breaking beauty boundaries and showcasing diversity, " said Purnima Lamba, Head of Innovation at Lakmé. 
A 38- year- old serial rapist accused of raping hundreds of minors for over 12 years was arrested on Saturday, police said. It is alleged the superstitious rapist travelled from Uttar Pradesh to Delhi by only the Sampark Kranti Express, travelled only on odd dates and wore the same set of clothes - red jacket and blue jeans - while abusing girls. 
Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi on Monday said, " For 52 years after the independence, the RSS did not have a tricolour at their headquarters in Nagpur. They used to salute the saffron flag. " Addressing a rally in poll- bound Uttarakhand, Gandhi added, " Since 7- 8 months I am researching, I even googled about our party to see what is it that BJP- RSS want to destroy. " 
US President- elect Donald Trump has said Britain' s exit from the European Union " is going to end up being a great thing" . ? You look at the European Union and it? s Germany. Basically a vehicle for Germany. That? s why I thought the UK was so smart in getting out, ? he stated. Trump further said he expects other countries to leave as well. 
The world' s eight richest people together own assets worth $ 426 billion, equivalent to the wealth owned by world' s poorest 50% , according to a report by charitable organisation Oxfam. Microsoft' s Bill Gates is the world' s richest person followed by Zara' s Amancio Ortega and Berkshire Hathaway' s Warren Buffett. The report attributed wealth inequality to aggressive wage restraint and tax dodging. 
Uttar Pradesh has the highest number of vacant police posts among all Indian states with around 50% vacancies, Home Ministry statistics have revealed. It is followed by West Bengal, Bihar and Karnataka, it added. Cumulatively, around 5 lakh police posts are lying vacant across the nation, which is around 22% of the 22. 63 lakh sanctioned posts. 
US President Barack Obama has declared January 16 as Religious Freedom Day in accordance with a yearly tradition. Urging his countrymen to stand against religious intolerance, Obama said, " religious freedom is a principle based not on shared ancestry, culture, ethnicity, or faith but on a shared commitment to liberty. " He further said that America' s strength comes from its diversity. 
Around 18 Democratic lawmakers have said they will boycott US President- elect Donald Trump' s inauguration ceremony on January 20. This comes after intelligence agencies concluded that Russia intervened in the polls and helped Republican Trump win. Civil rights leader and Democratic party lawmaker John Lewis, who was slammed by Trump for not recognising his presidency, is among those not attending. 
As per reports, Priyanka Chopra has admitted that she has kissed an ex after a breakup and has had phone sex. Priyanka reportedly made these revelations on the talk show ' Koffee With Karan' in the segment called ' Koffee Shots' . The host Karan Johar would ask her a question and if answered in affirmative, she had to take a shot. 
Senior BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani on Sunday suggested that the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS) should give more space to women in its ranks. Advani said this while speaking at a function organised by spiritual group ' Prajapita Brahma Kumaris' in New Delhi. Further, during his address, Advani also lamented that India appears " incomplete" without Sindh in its territory. 
Army Chief General Bipin Rawat on Sunday said that the jawans who take to social media to express their complaints could be punished as their act lowers the morale of those guarding the frontiers of the country. This comes after a BSF jawan had posted a video on social media alleging the poor quality of food served to the soldiers. 
Bangladesh player Imrul Kayes set a world record for most catches taken by a substitute keeper in Tests, taking five during the ongoing Wellington Test against New Zealand on Sunday. Imrul came in place of an injured Mushfiqur Rahim in New Zealand' s first innings, and matched the latter' s record of highest wicketkeeping dismissals for Bangladesh. 
A Middle East Airlines flight from Beirut to London was forced to make an emergency landing in Istanbul after a fistfight broke out on the plane. The fight took place after an air hostess was assaulted. The man who had punched the air hostess following an argument with his wife was taken away by four security guards after the landing. 
The Border Security Force ( BSF) has launched an operation ' Sard Hawa' at the Rajasthan border, under which vigil will be beefed- up as infiltration rises due to dense fog in the area. The operation will continue till January 28. BSF Deputy Inspector General Ravi Gandhi said the jawans will patrol with advanced weapons in the areas near to the border. 
Supporting India? s right to defend itself, the US has called the surgical strike carried out by the Indian Army in PoK a calibrated and responsible move. The outgoing US Assistant Secretary of State, Nisha Biswal, has stressed that action needs to be taken against terrorist Hafiz Saeed, adding the incoming Donald Trump administration will take up the matter with Pakistan. 
Around 80% of the east Delhi sanitation workers, who had gone on an indefinite strike in the wake of non- payment of salaries, have resumed work, according to reports. However, a section of sanitation workers continued to protest outside the East Delhi Municipal Corporation ( EDMC) headquarter, marking the 10th day of the indefinite strike on Saturday. 
A photograph of Aamir Khan' s son Azad Rao Khan with actor Imran Khan and his daughter Imara has been shared online. In the photograph, Azad can be seen in a blue T- shirt while Imara is dressed in white. Imara is Imran' s first child with wife Avantika, whom he married in 2011 after dating her for ten years. 
An idol of Goddess Brajeshwari Devi made of 1, 600 kilogram of clarified butter was unveiled at the Brajeshwari Devi temple in Himachal Pradesh on Sunday morning. The butter idol would be removed on January 20 and its ' prasad' would be distributed among the devotees. The idol is installed every year to mark the festival of Makar Sankranti. 
India captain Virat Kohli has said Yuvraj Singh was selected in the limited- overs squad to ease the middle- order burden on MS Dhoni. " We cannot leave so much burden on MS alone in the middle order. . . There needs to be one more guy with Dhoni down the order in case the top order does not fire, " said Kohli. 
Rishi Kapoor won the Best Supporting Actor ( Male) award for ' Kapoor & Sons' while Shabana Azmi was named Best Supporting Actor ( Female) for the film ' Neerja' at the Filmfare Awards 2017. In the debut awards category, Diljit Dosanjh won Best Debut ( Male) for ' Udta Punjab' , while Ritika Singh bagged the Best Debut ( Female) award for ' Saala Khadoos' . 
The Tihar Jail prisoners in Delhi have reportedly launched a series of monthly newspapers, with each newspaper having a circulation of around 100 copies in prison and official circles. While two sub- jails have published their newspapers, the remaining seven are awaiting clearances. One of the four pages of each newspaper is dedicated to covering monthly events at the sub- jails. 
As many as five localities in Central Delhi, including Jor Bagh and Pandara Park, will be made zero- waste colonies by 2018, the New Delhi Municipal Council ( NDMC) Chairman Naresh Kumar announced on Friday. " The stress will be on segregation of waste at source, composting of organic waste and recycling so that minimum possible garbage reaches landfill sites, " Kumar said. 
Actor Kamal Haasan, who has been vocal about his support for Jallikattu, took to Twitter and asked supporters of the traditional sport not to harass actress Trisha. " Let' s not hurt her just because she differs from our opinion, " he tweeted. Earlier, there were reports that Jallikattu supporters held up shooting of Trisha' s film as she is endorsing PETA. 
Viacom18, the producers of the John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha starrer ' Force 2' , have registered an FIR against the film' s distributors for planning the online leak of the film. The distribution firm K Sera Sera Digital Cinema Ltd claimed that they were not behind the leak but found a Madhya Pradesh theatre' s watermark on Force 2' s pirated DVDs. 
The RBI' s latest data indicates that ? 14. 90 lakh crore or around 97% of the ? 15. 44 lakh crore worth of demonetised currency is back into the banking system, according to reports. This suggests around ? 54, 000 crore of banned notes did not return. This figure is against the government' s estimate that around ? 3. 44 lakh crore of the old notes would not return. 
Superstar Rajinikanth on Friday extended his support for Jallikattu, the popular and ancient bull- taming sport, played during Pongal festival in Tamil Nadu. Rajinikanth said, " Bring in whatever rules but Jallikattu must be held to keep up the traditions of our Tamil culture. " Earlier, Kamal Haasan had also supported Jallikattu, saying, " If you want a ban on Jallikattu, ban biriyani too. " 
Sharmila, the wife of BSF jawan Tej Bahadur who had posted video alleging poor- quality food being served at border posts, has demanded a CBI inquiry into the matter. " We do not want an internal inquiry, CBI must inquire. Truth will be out only then, " she said. This comes after the Ministry of Home Affairs report refuted Tej Bahadur' s claims. 
The 21- year- old YouTuber, who was detained by cops on Friday for posting an objectionable ' prank' video on his channel ' The Crazy Sumit' , has claimed that women in the video were his friends. In the video, Sumit was seen fleeing after kissing random women in public places. He also told the police that " the video was shot to get maximum hits" . 
French DJ David Guetta' s Mumbai concert has been rescheduled and will be held on January 15 at Reliance Jio Garden, as per a statement issued by the organisers. The Mumbai concert, initially scheduled for January 13, was cancelled after being denied permission by the police. Further, Guetta' s New Delhi concert will be held as per schedule on January 15. 
Two Mughal- era gardens in Delhi, Roshanara Bagh and Qudsia Bagh, are set to be redeveloped after the Union Tourism Ministry agreed to fund the projects on Friday. An official said that ? 10 crore will be allocated for Roshanara Bagh and ? 4 crore for Qudsia Bagh. This will be used for the upkeep of the cricket pitch, monuments, and playgrounds. 
Barbara Bush and Jenna Bush Hager, twin daughters of former US President George Bush have written an open letter to the outgoing ' First Children' Malia and Sasha Obama. The letter advises them to enjoy life as they would not be under public scrutiny and criticism anymore. It also asked them to never forget people who worked at the White House. 
Police on Friday arrested a newspaper vendor named Nirmalya Samanta in Midnapore for allegedly sending death threat letter to former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly. Samanta had reportedly sent the letter to Ganguly' s Behala residence warning him against attending a cricket tournament in Midnapore on January 19. The district police has handed over Samanta to Kolkata Police for further investigation. 
The Ministry of Home Affairs report to the Prime Minister' s Office has refuted BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav' s claims made in a video on quality and quantity of food provided to them. In the report, the MHA conveyed to the PMO that there is no shortage of rations at any post in paramilitary forces and quality check is conducted regularly. 
The Supreme Court on Friday refused to modify its order banning liquor shops off national and state highways. The SC had on December 15 directed to remove all liquor shops within 500 meters range near the highways. It had also observed that all existing licenses of the liquor shops near highways will not be renewed after March 31. 
Nawazuddin Siddiqui, while speaking about his experience on working with Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan, said that SRK is not content till the scene is right while Salman is a one- take guy. " Working with SRK feels like working with an ' actor' , " he added. " Salman does a scene once and he is not going to do it again, " Nawazuddin further revealed. 
Sasi Gangadharan, a semi- paralysed man from Kerala has dug out a motorable road all by himself. He has carved out a kaccha road measuring 200- meter, working 6 hours daily for the past three years. The panchayat had earlier turned down his request for a three- wheeler to set up a small business, stating there is no motorable road till his house. 
As per reports, Shahid Kapoor' s sister Sanah Kapoor got engaged to actor Mayank Pahwa in a low- key ceremony earlier this month. Mayank is the son of actors Manoj Pahwa and Seema Pahwa, known for her role of ' Badki' in the Doordarshan series ' Hum Log' . Reportedly, the news of their engagement was accidentally revealed by late Om Puri' s estranged wife Nandita. nn
Former India captain MS Dhoni has said he will not go back to his old long- haired look in the future. " I will never grow my hair again, " Dhoni said when asked if he will change his hairstyle now that he is relieved of the leadership burden. The former skipper sported long, brown hair when he debuted in 2004. 
BJP leader and Union Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Thursday said that original manuscript of the Indian Constitution had images of Hindu gods and ideals like Ram, Krishna, Arjun, Nataraja, Vivekananda and Guru Gobind Singh. " If the constitution was framed today and the constituent assembly resolves that we will have such pictures what will happen? " he asked. 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has claimed he had only one individual target after joining Manchester United and it was to conquer English football which he did in just three months. When asked if he was chasing Chelsea' s Diego Costa to become PL' s top scorer, he replied, " No, I am not chasing anybody. I am chasing. . . the Premier League. That is my aim. " 
Elaborating on his decision to quit as India' s limited- overs captain, MS Dhoni said split captaincy " does not really work in India" . " It was always in mind when Kohli took over the Test captaincy. . . In my mind, my last series at home was against South Africa [ in late 2015] . . . My job now will be to assist Virat Kohli, " said Dhoni. 
Former Lieutenant Governor of Delhi Najeeb Jung has said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has no bias against Muslims and is concerned about the lack of leadership among the community. Jung further said that Muslims should themselves discontinue the triple talaq practice, which is backward and not in the interest of women. 
Hollywood actor Vin Diesel has said that Deepika Padukone is the queen of the world and there is no one like her. " I saw her in ' Bajirao Mastani' and she was mind blowing. I wanted to work with Deepika for a long time, " he added. Diesel is currently in India to promote his upcoming film ' xXx: Return of Xander Cage' . 
A Public Interest Litigation in Bombay High Court seeks the scrapping of Maharashtra government' s ? 3, 600 crore Shivaji statue project in the Arabian Sea. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had laid the foundation of 192- meter high statue last month. The PIL has been filed by Mohan Bhide, a chartered accountant and a professor by profession who runs Bhide Kapasi classes in Mumbai. 
Nineteen international and domestic flights to and from Chennai were delayed on Friday as dense smoke engulfed the area around the airport after old articles were burnt on the occasion of Bhogi. Old and unwanted articles of the past year are burnt as a symbolic gesture during Bhogi, which is celebrated on the first day of Pongal. 
The Delhi government has declared the capital free of bird flu, three months after the outbreak was reported. " This is declared after two consecutive samples collected at 15 days intervals from the last positive results tested negative, " the Animal Husbandry Department announced. Following this, the National Zoological Park in New Delhi opened to the public after three months. 
Former world champion Sarita Devi is set to become the first female professional boxer from India. Sarita will be making her professional debut against Hungary' s Zsofia Bedo on January 29 fight night being organised by Indian Boxing Council in Imphal. She is training under 73- year- old American Joe Clough, who is known for being a part of Muhammad Ali' s coaching staff. 
The Prime Minister' s Office has sought a report from the Home Ministry on the allegations made by a BSF jawan on the quality of food provided to them in a video. " It' s our responsibility to think about the welfare of our jawans. We have to check everything carefully. We take this issue very seriously, " MoS for Home Kiren Rijiju said. 
Actor Hrithik Roshan, who split from his ex- wife Sussanne Khan in 2013, has said that at present he cannot think of remarriage. " I feel satiated, I feel content, " he added. Hrithik further said that he is currently focussing on being self- sufficient. Hrithik and Sussanne got married in the year 2000 and got officially divorced in 2014. 
A 22- year- old man has been arrested in Bengaluru for harassing girls and asking them to hug him, according to reports. This comes after a girl filed a police complaint against him for accosting her and asking her to hug him. The accused had earlier harassed a school girl in a similar manner. 
The Raipur police fulfilled the birthday wish of an eleven- year- old visually impaired girl, suffering from a life- threatening kidney disease, by making her a police inspector for a day. Dressed in a police inspector' s uniform, she celebrated her birthday in the office of the Inspector General of Police. She also received gifts from the police officials. 
Beijing filed 13, 127 environmental protection cases in 2016 and collected fines worth ¥150 million ( around ? 147. 8 crore) , China' s environmental officials said on Wednesday. Out of the total cases, 10, 184 cases were recorded for pollution from mobile emission sources and fines for ¥142 million ( around ? 140 crore) were collected for fixed pollution emission sources, according to reports. 
The organisers of French disc jockey David Guetta' s show have cancelled his concert which was scheduled for Thursday night in Bengaluru. Law and order issues following the molestation incident during New Year' s eve have been cited as the reason. The organisers said they hope to reschedule the concert if they get permission from the authorities and the artist. 
' Khaidi No 150' , which released on Wednesday, " is more about Chiranjeevi and his return than about the story or cinema, " wrote The New Indian Express. " The story has it is heart in the right place, " wrote Times of India while India Today wrote, " Films like Khaidi No 150. . . poke the audience' s conscience. " It was rated 2. 5/ 5 ( NIE) , 3/ 5 ( TOI, India Today) . nnnnnnnn
The Japanese government has found that 70% of the Sekisei lagoon, Japan' s biggest coral reef, has died due to bleaching caused by rising sea temperatures. It also found that over 91% of the coral is at least partly bleached. A survey in September and October discovered that over 56% of the reef had died, meaning the bleaching has spread rapidly. 
Actress Lisa Haydon took to Instagram on Thursday to announce that she is expecting her first child with husband Dino Lalvani. In the photograph, the 30- year- old actress can be seen posing in a bikini with the picture captioned, " Humble beginnings" . Lisa got married to Dino Lalvani in October 2016 after dating him for a year. 
Former BCCI secretary Ajay Shirke reportedly wrote to England Cricket Board President Giles Clarke questioning the " BCCI and relevant association' s expertise to manage security and safety of players" . Clarke wrote to BCCI CEO Rahul Johri seeking clarity whether the England team' s security and daily allowances would be taken care of. Johri replied assuring the series would go ahead as planned. 
A special section on Indian captain Virat Kohli has been opened at Blades of Glory, a cricket museum in Pune. The section on Kohli displays a collection of his cricketing items, including the jersey and bat used during his double century against New Zealand in October. The section also has a scoreboard detailing his performance in international cricket. 
A 24- year- old woman died after falling ill on a SpiceJet flight from Mumbai to Varanasi on Wednesday, the police said. The deceased had complained of ill health during the flight before collapsing, and her husband has alleged that the crew failed to provide medical assistance. SpiceJet has denied the allegations, claiming that she was attended to by a doctor onboard. 
Former boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather has claimed that he is ready to come out of retirement and fight UFC champion, Conor McGregor, only if he is assured a payment of $ 100 million ( ? 680 crore) . If the fight goes ahead, McGregor would be paid a career- high amount of $ 15 million ( ? 102 crore) , in addition to a slice of pay- per- view revenue. 
A 15- year- old homeless girl gave birth to a premature baby after being admitted to a hospital by the police, according to reports. The minor was found lying unconscious on a pavement near Mayur Vihar- I Metro station in east Delhi. Reportedly, the orphan was gangraped multiple times allegedly by a group of five teenagers near the metro station. 
A physiotherapist, arrested for murdering a bank manager in Delhi, stole an anaesthetic from AIIMS to make the chemical he injected the victim with, police said. The accused was paid ? 1. 5 lakh for the murder by his friend, who allegedly was in love with the victim' s wife. The accused reportedly researched online to make a deadly cocktail of drugs. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan has confessed that his films cannot make as much money as a Salman Khan- film. " I cannot compete with Salman Khan at the box- office. None of us can. That is the reality, " he added. Shah Rukh had earlier shifted the release of ' Raees' , which was scheduled to release on the same date as Salman' s ' Sultan' . 
The World Bank on Wednesday decelerated India' s GDP growth forecast for FY 2016- 17 to 7% from its previous estimate of 7. 6% due to demonetisation. " The challenges encountered in phasing out large currency notes and replacing them with new ones may pose risks to the pace of other economic reforms ( eg Goods and Services Tax, labour, and land reforms) , " it said. 
Claiming that Prime Minister Narendra Modi cannot do Yoga, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said, " I notice things. The PM has done a lot of Yoga but he has not done Padmasan. " " My Yoga guru had said that a person who does Yoga can do Padmasan. But a person who does not do Yoga, cannot do Padmasan, " he added. 
Saudi Arabia has increased India' s annual Haj quota from 1. 36 lakh to 1. 70 lakh, biggest such expansion in last 29 years, Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said on Wednesday. The NDA government has started issuing Haj applications from January 2 and also launched the Haj Committee of India mobile application to help pilgrims apply online. 
South Africa' s Test captain Faf du Plessis has said his teammate Hashim Amla could be the last cricketer to play 100 Test matches for the Proteas. Du Plessis added that the game has evolved and players will not play for long as there is much more cricket now. Amla is set to play his 100th Test on Thursday. 
Mahatma Gandhi' s grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Tuesday said that PM Narendra Modi has reduced the name of Bapu to his spectacles. " But the question is why does he need those spectacles? He needs it because there is room for veracity, " he added. He further said that Arvind Kejriwal, Kanhaiya Kumar bring hope for new politics in India. 
Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Wednesday said, " Imposing service charge is an unfair trade practice. The consumers need not pay. " Suggesting that consumers should instead give the money to " poor waiters" , he further stated that the price list in hotel menu cards should reflect all the costs, including the service charge. 
Trinamool Congress MP Kalyan Banerjee on Wednesday slammed PM Narendra Modi over demonetisation and the arrest of TMC party leaders, stating, " Modi will run back to Gujarat like a son of a rat. " Refusing to apologise for his remarks, Banerjee further accused the media of favouring the PM. The BJP has lodged a complaint against him. 
Fast- food chain McDonald' s has announced that it is adding masala dosa burgers and anda bhurji ( scrambled eggs) to its breakfast menu. The Indian breakfast menu, which will be launched on Friday at 44 outlets across Mumbai, will be priced between ? 30 and ? 135. McDonald' s added that the new additions will gradually be introduced across other Indian cities. 
US- based researchers have identified that the human appendix, which is often viewed as a vestigial organ with little- known use, may serve as a reservoir for beneficial gut bacteria. Mammals with an appendix were found to have higher concentrations of lymphoid tissue in the cecum, a pouch from which the appendix develops, suggesting that appendix serves as a secondary immune organ. 
Actors Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan will be seen together in a film after a gap of almost 10 years. Shah Rukh will be playing a cameo role in Salman' s upcoming film ' Tubelight' , as confirmed by Bollywood trade analyst Komal Nahta. The two actors were last seen together in a song from ' Om Shanti Om' , which released in 2007. 
Citibank has launched voice verification for its phone banking clients to replace the current authentication process of remembering PINs or answering verification questions. The bank said identifying a user' s unique voiceprint will take 15 seconds, down from an average 45 seconds it takes currently. The authentication will be completed automatically while the customers speak to the bank official. 
As Punjab is set to go to polls on February 4, a shoe was hurled at Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal on Wednesday in his home constituency Lambi. The shoe hit him and shattered a glass in his hand. Meanwhile, a man has been detained in this regard. Notably, in 2014 also a shoe was thrown at him. 
Intelligence agencies have confirmed that Lashkar- e- Taiba and Hizb- ul- Mujahideen are operating jointly in Jammu and Kashmir. In a video, which surfaced on January 7, terrorists from the two terror groups appear to be walking together in an area likely to be in north Kashmir. The authenticity of the video is being verified by the police. 
Ahead of 2017 Punjab Assembly election which is slated to be held on February 4, workers of Akali Dal reportedly fired at AAP men on Wednesday in the state' s Bathinda city. As per initial reports, three AAP workers have allegedly sustained injuries and the police have arrested three people in connection with the incident. 
Bangladesh court has ordered doctors to write easy- to- read prescriptions in block letters or type them to prevent wrong medicines being issued to patients. The government has been asked to issue a circular for the same and provide a report within six weeks. The court also said that doctors must use generic drug names rather than specifying particular brands. 
Rashtriya Lok Samta Party' s MLA in Bihar, Lallan Paswan, on Monday posed some questions to an alleged rape victim' s friends. He asked them, " from where was the blood coming out? " When the girls murmured " from the bottom, " he asked, " what do you mean by bottom? " " If you do not reply properly, it is possible you may also get raped, " he said. 
A Karachi court on Tuesday issued bailable arrest warrant against former cricketer Wasim Akram after he failed to appear before the court during the last 31 hearings of a case. Akram had lodged the case himself in August last year after his Mercedes was shot at in Karachi. Akram has been asked to appear before the court on January 17. 
PM Narendra Modi on Tuesday said India' s strength lies in 3 Ds - Democracy, Demography and Demand, while addressing the Vibrant Gujarat Summit in Gujarat. Adding that Gujarat represents the business spirit of India, PM Modi said the Centre has evolved a culture of healthy competition among states. India is now sixth largest manufacturing country in the world, he added. 
Online payments startup Paytm has denied rumours that the e- wallet will not function after January 15. " Nothing could be farther from the truth. On the contrary, Paytm Wallet users will soon enjoy additional benefits through Paytm Payments Bank Account, " said the company in a blog post. Paytm' s wallet business will be transferred to the newly incorporated Paytm Payments Bank. 
Gold continued to be the highest smuggled contraband seized by central agencies across the country in 2015- 16, according to Directorate of Revenue Intelligence ( DRI) data. The all- India value of gold seizure was ? 795. 5 crore during this period, it added. Further, the seizure of narcotics was highest in 2015- 16, compared to the previous three financial years. 
Mukesh Ambani- led Reliance Jio beat telcos Airtel, Vodafone and others, to become the fastest 4G service provider in India in December 2016, according to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India. In October, TRAI had revealed that Jio was India' s slowest 4G operator. Jio recently announced its Happy New Year Offer that extends its introductory free services till March 31, 2017. 
Experts have claimed that Pakistan faked the launch of the nuclear- capable Babur- 3 cruise missile on Monday, reports said. An analyst claimed that Pakistan used a computer generated image of a missile over the background to show that Babur- 3 was successful. The missile' s speed is " impossibly high" and it changes colour from white to orange in the video, another analyst claimed. 
FIFA on Tuesday announced that penalty shootouts will be used to decide drawn matches between teams in the group stages of the FIFA World Cup, which shall feature 48 teams from the 2026 edition onwards. The move is aimed at minimising the risk of teams colluding in their final group games to eliminate others from the tournament. 
The state of Maharashtra now has 12 new coastal tourist locations, identified through a project funded by the United Nations and the Centre. These new tourist sites have been identified along the 121- kilometre coast of Sindhudurg. These new sites will offer various sea water activities like scuba diving and snorkelling to tourists. 
Food major Mondelez will pay $ 13 million ( around ? 89 crore) penalty to the US government for violating anti- corruption law by its subsidiary, erstwhile Cadbury India. The matter relates to Cadbury India allegedly paying over ? 61 lakh to an agent to obtain " outside assistance" in securing licenses and approvals, which allowed Cadbury to claim a tax exemption worth over $ 90 million. 
Model- turned- actor Arjun Rampal and Bollywood star Jackie Shroff could be the star campaigners for the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) ahead of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly election. After leaving the BJP headquarters in Delhi where meetings with party officials were held on Tuesday, Arjun Rampal said that he has not decided about joining the political party yet. 
Former India captain Sourav Ganguly, who received a threatening letter warning him to not attend a program, has said he does not take such threats seriously. Ganguly added it was the fourth time he had received such a letter, which was addressed to his mother, Nirupa. The letter warned Ganguly against attending a cricket tournament in Midnapore on January 19. 
Answering a question about how ministries are allocated in a government, Karnataka Minister RV Deshpande said that merit in politics is getting compromised by caste and loyalty to party leaders. Adding that increased competition between states has led to greater transparency, he said that in the post- liberalisation era it is difficult for red- tapism to go undetected. 
Former Bigg Boss 10 contestant Swami Om has claimed that he slapped host Salman Khan when he visited the house for the New Year episode. He added there is no video recording of the incident as there are no cameras in the smoking zone. He has also threatened to sabotage the finale if he is not invited to the show. 
The government has found that an estimated ? 3- 4 lakh crore of tax- evaded income have been deposited during the 50- day window provided till December 30 to get rid of scrapped ? 500 and ? 1, 000 notes. Reportedly, the Income Tax Department has been asked to scrutinise details and send notices to depositors of the money on which tax could have been evaded. 
Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu has said that Jallikattu, a bull- taming event held during Pongal, is a traditional sport and nobody should have problems with it. He added that the government is getting suggestions to allow Jallikattu, which was banned by the Supreme Court recently. " I do not know whether I should be saying this as a minister, " Naidu said. 
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu on Tuesday said he will build a " bigger, better city" in Amaravati, the Andhra capital, than Hyderabad when the latter becomes the capital of Telangana in 2024. " People should remember me forever. I will make an Andhra Pradesh model, " he added. Notably, Hyderabad will be the shared capital between the two states till 2024. 
Smoking will kill one third more people by 2030 than it does now, according to a study by the World Health Organization and the US National Cancer Institute. Additionally, the number of tobacco- related deaths is projected to increase from 60 lakh annually to 80 lakh. Smoking costs the global economy more than $ 1 trillion a year, the study added. 
Former Indian captain Mohammad Azharuddin will run for the post of Hyderabad Cricket Association President. Azhar filed his nomination for the post on Tuesday after the current President became ineligible as per the Lodha reforms. " My basic intention is to see that cricket in Hyderabad flourishes. We cannot run the HCA on the whims and fancies of individuals, " said Azhar. 
Former footballer David Beckham and his wife Victoria are set to move into their new country mansion worth ? 5 million ( over ? 36 crore) in England, according to reports. The couple will move into the nine- bedroom mansion and leave their current home in Holland Park. Their new mansion features a triple garage, two large courtyards and an apple orchard. 
Former Pakistan captain and current chief selector Inzamam- ul- Haq has said Pakistani batsmen cannot hold their nerves for " even two sessions" in a match, which is " unfortunate" . " Even when they were in strong position, our batsmen could not show aggression. . . If that is the standard of our consistency, it is not good enough at the international level, " said Inzamam. 
Hailing PM Narendra Modi for scrapping ? 1, 000 and ? 500 currency notes, Baba Ramdev on Tuesday said printing of ? 2, 000 notes should also be stopped in future. " The adverse effect of high denomination currency is evident as fake ? 2, 000 notes have arrived, " said Ramdev. " Fake currency in high denomination is convenient for printing, transportation and difficult to trace, " he added. 
BJP leader Neeraj Saxena has moved the Election Commission against BSP chief Mayawati, accusing her of seeking votes in the name of caste, and demanded that BSP should be debarred from elections. This comes after Supreme Court directed that politicians cannot seek votes in the name of caste, language or religion. Saxena further demanded an FIR for violating SC' s directives. 
Congress leader Jairam Ramesh on Monday said north India is more tolerant than south India. " If I have to choose a place to live, I will choose it in north India. Travelling in Bihar, UP and Jharkhand, I find that people are more tolerant, " he said. " The elites of south India have seceded from the rest of India, " he added. 
All India Majlis- e- Ittehadul Muslimeen ( AIMIM) Chief Asaduddin Owaisi has said that he does not know how many people are happy with the Supreme Court' s order on playing the national anthem at movie theatres. Further, talking about beef ban, Owaisi said, " I would love to eat it, if its halal. . . to hell with them ( state and central government) . " 
A photograph of actor Shah Rukh Khan' s children, son AbRam and daughter Suhana together has been shared online. In the photograph, AbRam can be seen surrounded by Suhana and a group of girls. While Suhana is dressed in a checked shirt and shorts, AbRam is seen wearing a red tee and cargo shorts. 
Punjab Congress Chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Monday said Navjot Singh Sidhu will campaign against Finance Minister Arun Jaitley if he decides to contest the Lok Sabha by- election in Amritsar. " Sidhu will join the Congress in a day or two, " Amarinder Singh added. Sidhu was BJP MP from Amritsar and had won the seat in 2004, 2007 by- election and 2009. 
Claiming that Tamil Nadu is pro- entrepreneurship, the state' s Education Minister K Pandiarajan said, " We will achieve this year itself what Gujarat did in five years - bringing ? 5 lakh crore of foreign investment. " Pandiarajan further said, " We are as good in business as any other states in the country. We need to rebrand and reposition ourselves. " 
Defending the game of Jallikattu, currently banned in Tamil Nadu, actor Kamal Haasan on Monday said, " If you want a ban on Jallikattu, let us also ban biryani. " Earlier, Haasan had said that Jallikattu must not be confused with bull- fighting in Spain as in Spain, people hurt the bull and it would die but in Tamil Nadu bulls are treated like God. 
A Nigerian national, identified as Fasasi Toheeb Olyaniyi, carrying fake Indian visas has been detained by Air Intelligence Unit ( AIU) officers at the Mumbai airport. Olyaniyi was intercepted when he arrived on Monday morning from Addis Ababa via Ethiopian Airlines when AIU officers seized 10 Nigerian passports and 14 Indian visas from his baggage. 
Congress President Sonia Gandhi' s son- in- law Robert Vadra said that lack of coordination between banks and government policies is forcing petrol pump owners to stop accepting payments through credit or debit cards. He added, " The government seems to have reached its levels of desperation to overcome the initial blunder it created through the unplanned and unthought process of demonetisation. " 
' Moonlight' on Monday won the Best Motion Picture Award in the drama category at the 74th Golden Globe awards. While Casey Affleck won the Best Actor- drama for ' Manchester by the Sea' , Isabelle Huppert won Best Actress in the same category for ' Elle' . Viola Davis won Best Supporting Actress for ' Fences' and Aaron Taylor- Johnson won Best Supporting Actor for ' Nocturnal Animals' . 
Bethany Bowker from Utah, United States recently claimed that her car was covered in human poop, after the waste was dropped from an airplane. She stated, " They dumped all of the poop out of the airplane and it landed in my driveway. " Bowker, who lives near an airport, claimed that the incident had taken place earlier as well. 
AIADMK spokesperson V Maitreyan on Monday said it was up to party chief Sasikala Natarajan to decide when she wanted to take over as Tamil Nadu CM. Notably, it has been a party tradition that the General Secretary serves as the CM when the party is in power. Maitreyan also praised late CM Jayalalithaa calling her an epitome of nationalism. 
Chinese Meteorological department on Saturday warned people against coming in contact with snow in Beijing, claiming that the snow is " dirty" as it has absorbed pollutants from the smog which engulfed Beijing recently. The officials also advised people to carry umbrellas for protection. Meteorological officials have said snow followed by blasts of wind will clean up Beijing' s air. 
Aamir Khan- starrer ' Dangal' has become the highest- grossing Hindi film of all time with domestic box office earnings of over ? 341. 96 crore. It surpassed the collection of Aamir' s 2014 film ' PK' , which had lifetime earnings of ? 340. 8 crore. Bollywood trade analyst Taran Adarsh said ' Dangal' also became the highest- grossing Hindi film in USA, Canada and Australia, with earnings of ? 174. 3 crore. 
Mumbai Police has revealed that Om Puri had been intoxicated the night before his death. He reportedly wanted to meet his son Ishaan, which did not happen. Om Puri' s body was discovered with an injury on his head and it is suspected that he might have fallen. The initial cause of his death was said to be a heart attack. 
Syed Mohammad Nurur Rahman Barkati, the Shahi Imam of Kolkata' s Tipu Sultan Masjid on Saturday issued a fatwa against PM Narendra Modi, accusing him of " bluffing" the people through demonetisation. " Everyday people are harassed due to demonetisation? nobody wants him to continue as PM, " he said. He had earlier called Modi " communal" and CM Mamata Banerjee a figure of " communal harmony" . 
The Home Ministry has awarded the ' Z' category security cover to Rajya Sabha MP Amar Singh, making him UP' s second politician after Mulayam Singh Yadav to be given the ' Z' security cover. Under the ' Z' category cover, Singh will be guarded by 24 commandos of the central armed police, with protection also being extended to his home and office. 
Addressing a gathering at Benaulim ahead of Goa election, AAP Convenor Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said he will not tolerate corruption and communalism in AAP. He further stated that if any of his candidates is found guilty of these charges, he will not hesitate to cancel his or her candidature even 24 hours ahead of the polls. 
The I- T department has detected alleged discrepancies in transactions of a Rajkot- based cooperative bank where ? 871 crore were deposited, over 4, 500 new accounts opened and five dozen accounts with same mobile number initiated. This is reportedly one of the biggest cases of black fund generation post demonetisation. The department has now initiated action and sought full details from the bank. 
A Smoked Food Festival will be held at High Street Phoenix, Mumbai from January 13- 29. Over 15 restaurants will come up with more than 100 smoked preparations for both vegetarians and non- vegetarians at the event. Smoked cheese, spinach croquette, black forest ham bruschetta and smoked Hyderabadi biryani are some of the dishes that will be offered at the festival. 
Tamil Nadu Cricket Association has written to BCCI citing inability to host two U- 19 Test matches between India and England in Chennai next month. TNCA, led by ex- BCCI President N Srinivasan, listed " various domestic programs scheduled during the period" as the reason for not hosting the Tests. Reportedly, the refusal came after Srinivasan met sacked BCCI President Anurag Thakur. 
According to reports, singers Beyoncé and her husband Jay Z will be performing at the farewell party of the Obamas. Usher, Bradley Cooper, Oprah Winfrey and Samuel L Jackson will also be reportedly present at the event. Chance the Rapper has already confirmed his presence through Twitter. There has been no official confirmation on the guest list yet. 
Twenty- one state associations have confirmed in writing to the Lodha Panel that they will comply with the committee' s reforms, following the latest Supreme Court verdict. With the confirmation, 24 administrators of different state units stand disqualified due to the age cap or cooling- off period listed in the reforms. The Lodha Panel will now meet on January 11 to address clarifications. 
As per reports, actress Deepika Padukone will feature on American television talk show ' The Ellen DeGeneres Show' . Reportedly, she will appear on the show to promote her upcoming Hollywood debut film ' xXx: Return of Xander Cage' . Deepika will be seen playing the role of Serena Unger in the action film, also starring Vin Diesel. 
Addressing the BJP national executive meet, PM Narendra Modi on Saturday stressed on the need for greater transparency in political funding and called for consensus among parties on the issue. Adding that the poor must not be treated as political bait for votes, PM Modi said that BJP' s priority is to make the quality of life better for the poor. 
Talking about demonetisation after the BJP National Executive meet, BJP leader Nirmala Sitharaman on Saturday said, " It takes a visionary leadership to put the country before the party. " Sitharaman further said demonetisation move was part of a promise made by the BJP in 2014 Lok Sabha polls to contain black money, remove counterfeit currency and terminate funding of terror groups. 
Self- proclaimed religious leader Swami Omji Maharaj on a TV news channel has said that women are sexual beings and would attract sexual predators, the way jaggery attracts flies, if not fully dressed. The remarks made by Omji, a Bigg Boss 10 contestant, came amid the ongoing rage after Bengaluru mass molestation incident that happened on the New Year' s Eve. 
At the BJP national executive meet, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday termed the Centre' s demonetisation move as a " historic" and " bold" decision towards the welfare of the poor in the country. Claiming that the move closed the lifeline of terror funding and fake currency, Jaitley added, " Demonetisation was a crippling blow to terror, fake currency note racket, and insurgency. " 
The completion of Delhi Metro' s Phase IV, which was cleared recently by the government, is likely to make it the second- largest metro system and the largest outside China, reports said. Delhi Metro, which is currently the 11th largest, is estimated to carry about 70 lakh people regularly after completion. The Phase IV will add over 100- km to Delhi Metro network. 
Fourteen- year- old Darpan Basak and thirteen- year- old Ankit Kumar have won the Travel Photographer of the Year award 2016. While Darpan was named the ' Young Photographer of the Year' , Ankit won the award in the 14 years old and under age- group in the ' Places and Experiences' category. The award was founded by photographers Chris and Karen Coe in 2003. n
Kerala has been ranked eighth among the ' 12 Destinations to Watch in 2017' list, according to the Association of British Travel Agents. The Travel Trends Report 2017 consists of locations that are expected to " capture traveller' s imaginations" over the year. Andalusia in Spain topped the list, while other locations included Bermuda, Chile, Croatia, Denmark and Sardinia. 
A 27- year- old Bangladeshi named Abul Bajandar, dubbed the " tree man" for the bark- like lesions over his body, regained use of his hands after undergoing at least 16 surgeries for the treatment of one of the rarest diseases. Around five kilograms of growths were removed from his body, who is one of only four people to be diagnosed with epidermodysplasia verruciformis. 
Actor Shahid Kapoor has said that a mainstream star like him, having an arranged marriage is unique. " . . . my life ( is) up for discussion, by default. It will not stop whether I like it or not, " he said, adding that wife Mira is " pretty chilled" about criticism. This comes after Shahid was criticised for advocating arranged marriage in a chat show. 
The Delhi Commission for Women has issued a notice to Delhi Police seeking an explanation for not installing CCTVs in all the police stations. The DCW has sought a list of police stations with and without CCTVs along with the number of cameras, location and working status of each. No CCTV has been installed by police, a report has stated. 
As many as 41 Indian sailors, who are stranded in four merchant ships in UAE, have sought help from Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj over Twitter. According to reports, two out of their four ships are leaking and the passports of the sailors have also been seized by the owner who was untraceable. 
The CBSE is planning to postpone the Class 12 board exams to March second week owing to the upcoming Assembly elections in five states, a report said. The exams are likely to start from March 9 or 10, according to reports. The exams usually begin on March 1 and results are declared in the third week of May. 
According to a recent European study, diesel cars are 10 times more toxic than diesel trucks and buses due to stricter European Union testing standards applied to larger vehicles. Nitrogen oxide emissions per kilometre for diesel cars were found to be double that of heavy- duty vehicles. Diesel cars emit about six times more toxic gases than allowed, the study claimed. 
Taxi- hailing service Uber has increased the ride time charges by 50% from ? 1 per minute to ? 1. 5 per minute in Delhi NCR for its UberGO, UberX, and UberPOOL services. UberGO has a base fare of ? 40 but the minimum fare for the service has been increased to ? 60. The changes are expected to raise the total ride fare by 10- 15% . 
Randhir Kapoor has revealed that daughter Kareena Kapoor has asked him to ensure that her son Taimur plays cricket when he grows older. On the controversy surrounding Taimur' s name, he said, " Can' t believe people wanted a baby to die just because they did not like his name. " Kareena gave birth to Taimur, her first child with husband Saif in December 2016. 
Dilli Haat is hosting the 31st Dastkari Haat Craft Bazaar, providing visitors a chance to meet artisans and craftsmen from Iran and India. The event, which will end on January 15, showcases jewellery, block printing, calligraphy, and pottery. As part of the exhibit, nine award- winning artists and calligraphers from Iran have collaborated with 200 Indian artisans. 
Addressing a gathering in poll- bound Uttar Pradesh, BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj has said the rise in population isn? t because of the Hindus, but due to those who support the concept of four wives and 40 children. Notably, his remarks came after the Supreme Court ruled that religion, caste, community would not be allowed to play any role in the electoral process. 
Nearly 50 tourists are stranded in Kothi due to road blockade after heavy snowfall in Himachal Pradesh on Saturday, officials have said. While electricity supply was snapped in Shimla and Manali due to damaged power lines, traffic to tourist destinations Shimla, Manali and Dalhousie has been cut off. Meanwhile, efforts to rescue the tourists are underway. 
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput has said that if he is attending an award show and does not win an award, he feels slightly awkward. " A bit of acknowledgment from you folks could be a nice feeling, " he added. Notably, Sushant was named Critics' Choice Best Actor at Star Screen Awards for playing the titular role in ' M. S. Dhoni: The Untold Story' . 
A 14- year- old female boxer named Marishwari died while participating in Khelo India boxing competition in Tamil Nadu' s Tuticorin on Friday. Marishwari took a time- out during a match and complained of breathlessness before fainting. She was taken to a hospital but did not respond to medicines and died. Doctors said the reason for the death can be ascertained only after post- mortem. 
Pakistan' s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday claimed that Kashmir was an " integral part" of Pakistan and praised the deceased Hizbul Mujahideen leader Burhan Wani calling him a " vibrant and charismatic leader" . The remarks were made during Sharif' s speech at the International Parliamentary Seminar on Kashmir held in Islamabad to discuss the situation in " India- held" Kashmir. 
Srinagar' s Basit Ahmed and Mohammed Asrar Rehbar have been selected to play with Sociedad Deportiva Lenense Proinastur, a third division professional club in Spain' s La Liga, for the next six months. The 18- year- olds were chosen by the Central Reserve Police Force, who entered into a contract with the club and picked talent in an initiative to engage with Kashmiri youth. 
Newly- appointed Army Chief General Bipin Rawat has said that the Indian forces would cross the border again if peace and tranquility are not maintained after attempting to resolve things through negotiations. " Wars will be intense and short because there will always be international pressure. . . Whatever action we take, therefore, has to be quick; forces have to be ready, " Rawat added. 
Former boxing world champion Floyd Mayweather is training rapper Soulja Boy for his three- round bout against fellow R& B star Chris Brown, set to take place in March. The rap stars' tiff started after Soulja Boy liked an Instagram photo of Brown? s former girlfriend, Karrueche Tran, and worsened after he posted a picture with Brown' s 2- year- old daughter. 
Delhi AAP MLA Jarnail Singh on Friday said he has resigned from the Delhi Assembly to contest against five- time Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal of the Akali Dal in the upcoming Assembly elections. Jarnail Singh was elected to the Delhi Assembly in February 2015 from Rajouri Garden constituency. Punjab polls are scheduled on February 4 and results on March 11. 
The World Book Fair which is being organised in the national capital from January 7- 15 at Pragati Maidan, will have ' Manushi' as the theme of the year and will focus on writings on and by women. Prominent writers and scholars such as Kailash Satyarthi and Hemant Singh Katoch will reportedly be available for interactions during the book fair. 
The Narcotics Control Bureau ( NCB) has intercepted and arrested two foreigners, a woman and a man, from Delhi' s Indira Gandhi International airport for carrying capsules of drugs in their stomach. While as many as 65 pellets of cocaine have been recovered from the Brazilian woman' s stomach so far, doctors have taken out 90 pellets from the Afghani man' s stomach. 
According to National Crime Records Bureau data, one in 100 sexual assault cases in Karnataka ended in conviction in 2015 as against the national average of 10% conviction. While the number of sexual assault cases reported in India rose by 92% from 42, 968 in 2011 to 82, 422 in 2015, conviction rate declined from 16% in 2011 to 10% in 2015. 
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi must go and be replaced by senior BJP leaders LK Advani, Arun Jaitley or Rajnath Singh as the head of the government. " In the current situation, a national government should be formed with another BJP person at the helm. . . to save the country, " Banerjee said. 
The BJP is expected to win around 20- 24 seats in the 40- member Goa Assembly, the India Today- Axis opinion poll has claimed. While the Congress is projected to win 13- 15 seats, the AAP has been given just 2- 4 seats by the opinion poll. Furthermore, 35% of the respondents favoured Laxmikant Parsekar for the CM post, the poll stated. 
Army official Subrata Saha on Thursday said that the " discourse" in Jammu and Kashmir is shifting to " primacy of Islam over Azad" . " Jammu and Kashmir indeed continues to be a challenge? it? s getting a little more complex, " he added. Notably, the Census of 2011 has recorded the Muslim population in Jammu and Kashmir at 85. 67 lakh. 
The Supreme Court has refused to give an urgent hearing to a plea seeking that the Budget be presented in March and said it will hear the matter in " the due course of time" . Earlier, opposition parties like Congress and Trinamool, among others demanded the budget be presented after the polling for the upcoming state Assembly elections ends. 
The Madras High Court on Friday rejected a petition seeking Bharat Ratna for late Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa, saying that it cannot give such directions to the Central government. Tamil Nadu cabinet in December had recommended late AIADMK Chief Jayalalithaa for the Bharat Ratna and had also suggested the Centre to install her life- size bronze statue in the Parliament Complex. 
The India Today- Axis opinion poll has predicted that Amarinder Singh- led Congress may win 56- 62 seats in the 117- member Punjab Assembly and Arvind Kejriwal- led AAP may emerge as the second largest party. Furthermore, the poll predicted that the Akali Dal- BJP combine may get just 18- 22 seats. Around 34% of the respondents favoured Amarinder for CM post, said the poll. n
The India Today- Axis Opinion Poll has predicted that the BJP is expected to secure a majority in the 403- member Uttar Pradesh Assembly by winning between 206- 216 seats. The poll further claimed that the Samajwadi Party may emerge as the second largest party by bagging between 92- 97 seats, followed by BSP with 79- 85 seats. The poll gave 5- 9 seats to Congress. 
The Delhi Metro has allowed women to carry small knives for their protection, a CISF official said. The Metro is allowing all passengers to carry lighters and matchboxes, as well as tools, after receiving requests from labourers. The CISF official said, " We carried a review and found that with these items, passengers? safety is not in danger. " 
The Meghnagar Nagar Panchayat in Madhya Pradesh' s Jhabua district has put up messages threatening death for those found defecating in the open while calling for a " Swachh Bharat" , reports said. This comes a week after civic body workers harassed an elderly man and forced him to clean his crap with his clothing in Madhya Pradesh' s Ujjain. 
IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has said technology major Google is " as much an Indian company as American" . The manner in which the country' s people have accepted Google, it has as much an obligation for India as it does for US and the world, he said. Further, Google India needs to tailor its operations to the country' s psyche, he added. 
Former Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh on Thursday said, " I am a soldier first and then a politician. One should not forget his/ her first love and mine is Army. " Singh was addressing a press conference in Delhi, ahead of the upcoming Punjab Assembly elections, wherein he asked everyone present to observe a two- minute silence for soldiers who die for the country. 
Citing a recent statement by Uber CEO Travis Kalanick that India will be the last country to get driverless cars, Google CEO Sundar Pichai has said, " I do not think for a country like India you are gonna see, as Travis said, completely automated cars. " However, he added that using cars as a shared resource will benefit India greatly. 
Samsung has announced two Chrome OS- based convertible laptops, Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with a touchscreen display starting at $ 449 ( ? 30, 500) . The laptops, which have a pressure sensitive 360- degree rotating screen, come with a stylus. The Chromebooks have 4 GB of RAM with 32 GB of storage and claim to have a battery life of up to 8 hours. 
Google CEO Sundar Pichai, while interacting with IIT Kharagpur students, expressed his love for cricket and heaped praise on Virat Kohli. " I love cricket. It has been phenomenal to see Virat Kohli play. He has performed great in all forms of cricket, " said Pichai. Notably, Pichai had earlier said that he wanted to be a cricketer in his childhood. 
A CISF officer on Thursday allegedly committed suicide by shooting himself using his service revolver inside the CCTV control room at Delhi Metro' s Kalkaji station, reports said. Senior CISF and police officers soon reached the spot and the paramilitary force ordered a Court of Inquiry into the incident, officials said. The officer had reportedly joined the force in 2012. 
Following Mahendra Singh Dhoni' s resignation as limited- overs captain, former England captain Nasser Hussain stated that according to him, Dhoni is the greatest ever one- day captain. MS Dhoni led the Indian cricket team to 110 victories in 199 One Day Internationals and 41 wins in 72 T20Is. Dhoni is the only captain to have won all the three ICC tournaments. 
Angelina Jolie, in the latest court filing, has claimed that estranged husband Brad Pitt has requested to seal divorce documents as he is " terrified that the public will learn the truth" . This comes after Pitt slammed Jolie for " exposing" their children and requested to seal divorce documents to protect their privacy. Jolie currently has sole custody of their six children. 
Mohammed Mansoor Hussain, an MBA degree holder Indian from Hyderabad, has been sentenced to one- year imprisonment and 300 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being convicted in a robbery case. Claiming that Hussain is innocent, his parents have sought External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj' s help, seeking her immediate intervention to secure their son' s release. 
Reacting to reports of 97% demonetised currency notes having been returned to the banks, the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) on Thursday said that such estimates may not be correct. " We are trying to expeditiously complete the counting process and will release figures of notes tendered after that, " said RBI in a statement. 
Kerala BJP released a campaign flier wherein a late councillor seemed to request people to vote for her mother, who was standing for the by- elections held on Wednesday. The councillor, 23- year- old Kokila Kumar, died in a road accident in September. The flier portrayed her saying, " time did not allow me to complete the term you gave me to serve you. " 
Accused of raping a 14- year- old girl twice, Meghalaya MLA Julius Dorphang has been absconding after a non- bailable warrant was issued against him. The guest house where the rape took place reportedly belonged to state Home Minister HDR Lyngdoh and his son. Dorphang, known to be a militant and the chairman of the banned outfit HNLC, had surrendered in 2007. 
Karnataka Home Minister G Parameshwara on Thursday termed the recent Bengaluru mass molestation case a conspiracy to defame the state' s Congress government and the Information Technology city. Earlier, he was reported as saying " these things do happen" over the case. However, the minister said that he was misquoted by the media and promised to make Bengaluru safer for women. 
Robert Marchand, a 105- year- old Frenchman, has set a record in over- 105s category, covering 22 kilometres in one hour. Marchand, who started cycling at an age of 68, accomplished the feat by completing 92 laps at a velodrome in Paris. He had earlier set a record in over- 100s category in 2012, before beating it himself by cycling 26 kilometres in 2014. 
Actor Aditya Roy Kapur has said that the link- up rumours with actress Katrina Kaif are ridiculous. " Sometimes, you go for dinner with a friend and things get blown out of proportion. . . It' s like you cannot go to a friend' s house without being linked to her, " he added. He further said that he does not want to overthink on these rumours. 
IndiGo cabin crew were forced to tie a reportedly unruly passenger to his seat on a flight from Dubai to Delhi on Tuesday, as he turned violent. The passenger, who had started shouting and pushing fellow fliers, was later handed over to the police. Notably, passengers can be restrained if their behaviour poses a risk to others and the aircraft. 
After SP MLA Abu Azmi said women consider nudity as fashion, his son Farhan Azmi engaged in a war of words with Esha Gupta. " The only woman to blame here. . . is the woman who unknowingly gave birth to a jerk like Abu Azmi, " Esha tweeted. " She was far more dignified than U, " Farhan tweeted while retweeting a topless picture of Esha. n
India' s former limited overs skipper MS Dhoni holds the record for hitting the most sixes in international cricket as captain. Dhoni led India in 331 matches across all formats, hitting 211 sixes as skipper. He is followed by former Australian skipper Ricky Ponting, who played 324 matches as captain and hit 171 sixes. 
DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Wednesday missed the first party general body meeting in 48 years. The 93- year- old has recently been hospitalised twice after complaining of difficulty in breathing due to throat and lung infection. Karunanidhi' s son MK Stalin was elected as the party' s working President in the general body meeting. However, Karunanidhi will remain the DMK party' s President. 
Congress' CM candidate in Uttar Pradesh, Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday said she is ready to withdraw as the party' s CM face if her party enters into an alliance with the Samajwadi Party. Stating that she is in favour of the alliance, she added, " I am hopeful that Samajwadi Party and like- minded parties will help to form a secular exercise" . 
Chinese e- commerce major Alibaba has said that it paid over $ 3. 4 billion in taxes in 2016, up 33% from last year and created 30 million new jobs in the country. Alibaba added that service providers on its Taobao and Tmall shopping platforms had registered a 142% growth in income year on year as of September 30. 
The Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO) is set to launch record 103 satellites in a single flight in February first week. As many as 100 of the satellites to be launched are from foreign nations. Earlier, ISRO had said it will launch 83 satellites but the launch got delayed due to the addition of more satellites, an official said. 
The Hollywood Sign Trust, the non- profit organisation that oversees maintenance for the ' Hollywood' sign in Los Angeles, is looking to improve its security after a prankster turned the sign to ' Hollyweed' . " This is more than preventing pranks or trespassing at the sign. Our concern is the safety of the neighbourhood and the trespassers, " said the Chairman of the trust. 
According to a Delhi High Court ruling, event organisers will now have to pay royalty for using copyrighted songs. They will have to inform three copyright societies including Indian Performing Right Society and Phonographic Performance Ltd about the copyrighted work to be used and one of these shall issue an invoice for royalty of the copyright. 
The Kerala government on Tuesday said the state' s tourism sector registered a loss of about ? 1, 000 crore post the demonetisation drive by the Centre. The number of foreign tourists visiting the state decreased by 10- 15% while the number of domestic tourists dipped by 20- 30% . The fall is in contrast to the increase in the numbers before demonetisation, the government added. 
The newly appointed Indian Army Chief General Bipin Rawat on Monday said the next surgical strike will be of a different manner and style. Adding that anti- India militants have changed their strategy post the September surgical strikes, Rawat said, " We will surprise the enemy. " Referring to Pathankot, Uri and Nagrota attacks, he cautioned that security forces must not drop guard. 
Villagers in the Barpeta district of Assam organised a lottery to mark the New Year and the prizes to be won included livestock and animals. The organisers gave a cow, a goat and a duck as the first, second and third prize respectively. A number of hens and fishes were also given out as consolation prizes. 
Delhi Metro' s move to make 10 stations cashless has been halted after CM Arvind Kejriwal questioned allowing payments only through Paytm. " How can they force a decision like this? They are promoting Paytm through this. I will seek an inquiry, " said Kejriwal. However, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has said that Paytm won the contract through an open tender. 
The SC on Tuesday reportedly agreed to hear a plea seeking SIT probe against journalists, who had written in favour of the AgustaWestland deal. The apex court has also sought a response from Central Bureau of Investigation and Enforcement Directorate on the plea filed by journalist Hari Jaisingh, alleging that journalists were paid ? 50 crore for favouring the deal. 
All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) Delhi has partnered with mobile wallet MobiKwik to make its payment facilities cashless. Payment of consultation fee, tests and other services will be made cashless from the first week of January. Upasana Taku, Co- founder of MobiKwik said, " We are proud to support Indians during the current situation of cash crunch. " 
The Delhi Police have received a complaint from Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal' s office about several Twitter accounts in his name. A tweet from a fake account read that Baijal' s predecessor left over 400 files without clearance. Police said two fake accounts have been closed since the matter was reported. Meanwhile, his real account garnered about 2, 000 followers till Monday night. 
The police arrested two Kerala men near Goa' s capital Panaji on Monday for distributing pamphlets that allegedly contained the Islamic State symbol and a message titled " ISIS Shaitan" . The pamphlets, in Kannada language, were about a convention of Salafi Muslims to be held in Mangalore ( Karnataka) in January. The arrested persons have been identified as Ilyas and Abdul Nazir. 
Ousted SP Vice President Kiranmoy Nanda, who was sacked for attending the National Executive meet, has alleged that party chief Mulayam Singh' s signatures were forged on the two January 1 orders. While one signature had his full name, the second signature was incomplete, Nanda claimed. The two orders declared the convention unconstitutional and sacked Kiranmoy Nanda from the party. 
A 30- year- old man died due to excessive bleeding after he allegedly smashed a beer bottle on his head during the New Year celebrations on Saturday night, according to reports. Identified as Deepak Tandon, the victim was a resident of Punjab and had come to Delhi with three of his friends especially to celebrate the New Year. n
A mall in China' s Shanxi has created a rooster statue resembling US President- elect Donald Trump. Smaller replicas of the statue are available for sale, with prices starting from ? 3, 800 to ? 1. 1 lakh for a 32- feet- tall statue. Notably, the new year in China, which will begin on January 28, is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese zodiac. 
Former Australian cricketer Shane Warne, along with teammate Mark Waugh, was found guilty of accepting money from a bookmaker in 1994 in exchange of leaking information. The leg- spinner was also banned from international cricket for a year for failing a drug test before the 2003 World Cup. Warne later claimed the drug was given by his mother for weight loss. 
The President of the Kerala Cricket Association TC Mathew alongside several office bearers quit their positions on Monday, as the board looks to follow the Supreme Court' s orders of implementing the Lodha Panel reforms. Mathew, who is a BCCI vice- president from the West Zone, is considered a possible candidate to take over as interim president of the BCCI. 
The UK government is encouraging the public to return old £ 1 coins as the Treasury will be introducing a new 12- sided coin to replace it. The measure has been introduced to end counterfeiting, with reports suggesting nearly 2. 55% of the 40 crore old coins in circulation are fake. The old coins shall become invalid by October. 
A Supreme Court bench, headed by outgoing Chief Justice of India TS Thakur, on Monday questioned Centre as to why judges and chief justices of high courts are not being transferred despite the collegium' s recommendations. Asking the Centre to file a report on such pending transfers, the apex court said it gives rise to speculation and misgivings. 
Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam, in a letter to PM Narendra Modi, has sought the latter' s intervention to secure the release of Indian fishermen captured by Sri Lanka. He also apprised the PM of the 114 boats captured by Sri Lanka. Notably, this is the fourth letter written by Panneerselvam to the PM ever since he took over as CM. n
Filmmaker Karan Johar has said that he will be a big part of Shah Rukh Khan' s son, Aryan' s Bollywood debut, either as his director or a guiding support. " Aryan is my godchild. Him being launched is like my son being launched, " Karan added. Aryan is currently pursuing film studies at a Los Angeles- based institution. 
The National Anthem was allegedly insulted in the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly on Monday as the Opposition' s protest continued even as it was being played. The Opposition was trying to disrupt Governor NN Vohra' s address to the joint session of the Assembly. Vohra cut his address short and walked away during the National Anthem, BJP' s Ravinder Raina said. 
The Kerala Police has arrested Father Basil Kuriyakose, the Principal of Kings David International School, for allegedly subjecting a 10- year- old boy to unnatural sex. The pastor is said to have molested the boy on December 21 night after other hostel inmates had gone for a vacation. The 65- year- old priest was booked under Section 377 of the IPC. 
In 2015 the Supreme Court appointed a panel headed by Justice RM Lodha to determine punishments for those found guilty in 2013' s IPL spot- fixing scandal. The panel was also tasked to propose changes to the way BCCI was structured and governed, in order to prevent sporting frauds and conflict of interests among other issues that concerned the court. 
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar' s son Nishant is four times richer than him according to the details furnished by the CM himself on January 1. As per records, Nitish Kumar has total assets worth ? 56. 5 lakh as against his son' s ? 2. 37 crore. Bihar CM along with his Cabinet ministers declare their assets on the first day of each year. 
The regional transport authority has allowed the bike taxis to operate in four Uttar Pradesh districts including Ghaziabad, Gautam Budh Nagar, Hapur and Bulandshahr. There are 17 conditions that have to be fulfilled in order to get a permit for registering a bike taxi, according to the officials. Startups like Rapido, Baxi, Ola and Uber provide bike taxis. 
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Monday said the party still belongs to him and he enjoys people' s support. He further added he led a spot- free life so far, and the Supreme Court gave him a clean chit when corruption charges were levelled against him. Mulayam has approached the Election Commission to take up battle of party symbol ' cycle' . 
Justice RM Lodha, who chaired the Supreme Court- appointed Lodha Panel, has hailed the apex court' s decision of sacking BCCI President Anurag Thakur and Secretary Ajay Shirke as a victory for cricket. " Administrators will come and go and I am sure the game will flourish, " Lodha said after calling the court' s decision a logical consequence. 
UK' s Minister of State for Security Ben Wallace has warned that Islamic State militants want to carry out mass casualty chemical attacks in Britain. ISIS has " no moral barrier" in using chemical weapons which would be " everybody' s worst fear" , he said. Wallace further warned that British ISIS militants may return home posing a domestic threat after ISIS is defeated. 
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh on Sunday underwent a health check- up after complaining of high blood pressure, reports said. This comes amid the ongoing tussle between Mulayam and his son Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav. Mulayam also expelled party General Secretary Ram Gopal Yadav from the party on Sunday, after he announced Akhilesh as the new party chief. 
Pakistan' s President Mamnoon Hussain on Saturday conferred the country' s highest civilian honour ' Nishan- e- Imtiaz' on Army chief Qamar Bajwa and Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee Zubair Hayat in recognition of their services. The award is given to civilians based on their achievements towards world recognition for Pakistan or outstanding service for the country. 
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday said Nagpur will become a Wi- Fi enabled city by March this year. Inaugurating the public Wi- Fi system under the Smart City project, Fadnavis stated that around 4, 000 surveillance cameras have been installed in the city. Also, digital kiosks will be installed at bus stops to show location and timings of buses, he added. 
Names of Bollywood celebrities, including Alia Bhatt, Katrina Kaif and Priyanka Chopra, are being used to refer to drugs by the underworld, as per the Mumbai Police. While Alia is code name for cocaine, Katrina is used to refer to smack while Priyanka' s name is code for LSD. Further, Ranveer Singh' s name is used to refer to a drug peddler. 
Comedian Kapil Sharma has announced that his production house K9 is set to produce two new comedy shows in 2017. " First news of the year. . . K9 is producing two comedy shows. . . hope u will like. . . stay happy, " Kapil tweeted. He currently hosts ' The Kapil Sharma Show' , which is aired on the channel Sony. 
Passengers travelling on the Tejas trains will be treated to cuisines curated by a celebrity chef as part of new services to be unveiled by the Railways. The railways is considering an agreement with renowned chef Sanjeev Kapoor to finalise the menu shortly. Some of the other new features include entertainment LCD screens for each passenger along with headphones sockets. 
A bakery in Jalpaiguri, West Bengal has made a demonetisation- themed cake, which has been put up for auction. The 64- pound cake shows people queued outside the ATM and the Reserve Bank of India. It also shows a dustbin nearby with a discarded ? 1, 000 note inside. Bidding for the cake is open till 7 pm on Monday. 
With over 55 million fliers in 2016, the Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi crossed the 50- million passenger mark in a year for the first time, according to reports. Notably, it also broke its own record of highest number of flight movements in one hour when it handled 82 flights in 60 minutes on November 16. 
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said that a proposal to add 15, 000 more personnel to the Delhi Police has been cleared by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Reportedly, Delhi Police has a total sanctioned strength of around 82, 242 at present, of which 77, 083 are filled. " I feel Delhi Police strength is not adequate. It has to increase, " Singh added. 
Jan Dhan account deposits have more than doubled to ? 87, 000 crore till December 23, prompting tax department to " dissect" information relating to them, a senior official said. Inflow of funds into these accounts was highest in the first week post demonetisation. If it is found that money in these accounts belongs to other persons, necessary action will be taken, he added. 
The Income- Tax department has exposed a Kolkata- based fake firm and seized unaccounted cash worth ? 1. 78 crore from its account at an Axis Bank branch. The money was deposited in the fake firm' s account after the demonetisation move. A Varanasi- based local businessman and his wife were found registered as the firm' s directors, who denied any links with the deposited money. 
As many as 285 schools in Delhi that are built on government land have reportedly been issued a notice directing them not to start nursery admissions from January 2, 2017. This comes after Delhi government issued a circular saying it will release a separate set of guidelines and schedule for these schools to make them comply with land allotment terms. 
According to recently released data by Delhi government, India' s capital city has almost one crore vehicles among a population of about two crore. As per the data, the number of registered vehicles in the city increased from 88 lakh in 2014- 15 to 97 lakh in 2015- 16, a spike of almost 10% and the highest in eight years. 
Mumbai BJP President Ashish Shelar has questioned the appointment of Bollywood actor Salman Khan as the brand ambassador of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation' s drive against open defecation. He also raised the issue of a Humboldt penguin' s death in Mumbai zoo. " Those who killed a penguin have appointed a brand ambassador who killed a black buck, it really amuses me. . . " , Shelar added. 
India has criticised Pakistan for labelling the RSS, VHP and Bajrang Dal as terror outfits. Pakistan' s linking of political parties and social outfits to terror was " absurd even by Pakistan' s standards" , said the MEA. " Labelling bonafide Indian social and cultural organisations as terror outfits seems a desperate attempt to deflect international focus from Pakistan' s own complicity, " it added. 
As many as five prisoners escaped from Bihar' s Buxar Central Jail late on Friday night. The inmates managed to escape from the jail' s medical ward, where they were undergoing treatment. They reportedly broke the window of the medical ward' s toilet to escape. While one of the prisoners was serving death sentence, the other four were facing life imprisonment. 
Several nightclubs and bars in Delhi are planning to organise a special screening of Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s address on New Year' s eve. Bar managers have said that customers are enquiring about the arrangements for Modi' s speech before booking tables. Meanwhile, a senior police officer said that police personnel will be deployed at bars telecasting his speech. 
Shankar Balasubramanian, an Indian- origin British professor has been knighted by Queen Elizabeth II for his contribution to the field of science and medicine. The Herchel Smith Professor of Medicinal Chemistry at Cambridge University was honoured for his work as a co- inventor of Next Generation DNA sequencing. " His work has spawned an entirely new discipline of Bioinformatics, " his citation read. 
Kerala- based Sreelakshmi Satheesh has said she made a man donate ? 25, 000 to charity after he shared her number on a WhatsApp group, saying she was available. Men began calling Satheesh, the CEO of an educational consultancy firm, and asking for her " rate. " Satheesh later discovered who had shared her number and threatened to complain if he did not donate to charity. 
A school principal has been arrested for allegedly molesting seven girl students in Karnataka' s Thanisandra village, according to reports. Identified as Hussain, the accused molested the girls when they came to his house for tuitions. The principal was arrested on the complaint filed by a victim and has been remanded in 14- day judicial custody. 
Virat Kohli was named India' s Sportsperson of the Year 2016 in a recent poll conducted by India Today, after he received the highest votes ( 44. 18% ) . Olympics silver medallist shuttler PV Sindhu beat Ravichandran Ashwin ( 13. 83% ) for the second place with 31. 51% of the votes. Deepa Malik, Sakshi Malik and Devendra Jhajharia completed the list of top- six athletes. 
President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday approved the Specified Bank Notes ( Cessation of Liabilities) Ordinance, 2016 that criminalises possession of demonetised ? 500 and ? 1, 000 notes. According to the ordinance, citizens can be penalised for holding more than ? 10, 000 in demonetised notes after March 31, 2017. The order will come into effect on Saturday, December 31. 
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav does not have a proper idea of the party' s constitution, expelled General Secretary Ram Gopal Yadav has said. Further, he added that it is unconstitutional to expel someone hours after issuing a show cause notice and without even listening to their clarification. He was sent a notice for allegedly speaking against the party line. 
PM Narendra Modi on Thursday reacted to ex- PM Manmohan Singh' s ' monumental mismanagement' remark, stating it came from a leader who was at the helm of India' s economic journey for around 45 years. All this while large sections of our society have continued to live in poverty, he added. Singh had earlier called demonetisation " monumental mismanagement. . . organised loot and legalised plunder" . 
Noida- based company, which claims its phone Freedom 251 is the world' s cheapest, Ringing Bells' MD Mohit Goel has quit weeks after the company confirmed his wife and CEO Dharna Goel' s resignation. Earlier this month, Ringing Bells rubbished the reports of its shutdown. " Anmol Goel, one of the founder directors, is looking after the company affairs, " said a company spokesperson. 
The pilot of the Jet Airways Goa- Mumbai flight that skid off the runway has written an open letter responding to criticism. " I love [ my profession] to death, but. . . if I meet my end in my line of work, it is most likely that I will be blamed, " he wrote. He also requested media and public not to judge pilots for one mishap. 
Delhi reported a rape every five hours in 2016, but the total number of cases marginally declined to 2, 029, as against 2, 069 last year, the city police' s data has shown. However, only 1, 744 ( 86% ) of the registered cases were solved. Further, a molestation case was registered every three hours, taking the number of such cases to 4, 005, this year. 
Burglars allegedly broke into Delhi' s Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia' s office located at Patparganj in East Delhi on Thursday night. According to reports, several documents, letterheads, and computers were allegedly stolen along with CCTV footages. Sisodia is reportedly in the process of shifting his office from Patparganj to Vinod Nagar. 
A 64- year- old woman is believed to have become the oldest mother in China to give birth. The 64- year- old, who delivered a boy weighing 3. 7 kilograms through cesarean section, had conceived after receiving in vitro fertilisation ( IVF) abroad. She and her husband decided to have a baby after they lost their first child, according to reports. 
Around 50 Congress party members in Mumbai got tattoos on their hands to protest against the Centre' s demonetisation move. The tattoos read, ' humara pradhan mantri rishwatkhor hai' ( Our Prime Minister is corrupt) . " It is our way to protest against PM who is still silent on such serious charges, " said Mumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam. 
Viral Acharya, who has been appointed as a Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India, on Thursday said he will give his best in the new role. " I am honoured at being offered the opportunity and hope to give it my best, " Acharya stated. Acharya has been appointed for a three- year term and will take charge on January 20, 2017. 
CBI official Sanjeev Gautam, who was investigating the bribery case of late bureaucrat BK Bansal, was on Wednesday repatriated to his parent cadre of service, Customs and Central Excise. Notably, Bansal along with his son had earlier committed suicide leaving behind an alleged note which had mentioned that his family was being tortured by the investigators. 
Congress on Thursday demanded PM Narendra Modi apologise to the nation for the " suffering" caused to the people by demonetisation, when he speaks on the New Year eve post the end of the 50- day period. Adding that PM Modi' s announcements are far from reality, Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala said note ban has turned out to be Deshbandi ( lockdown of country) . 
The Tourism Authority of Thailand is expecting around 13, 200 tourists from India during the New Year holiday period. It is also expecting around 3. 75 lakh international tourist arrivals during the same duration, a 5% increase when compared to the previous year. Further, it expects to generate tourism revenue of THB 55. 5 billion, a 12% increase when compared to 2015. 
Officers of the Central Crime Station, Hyderabad have arrested a director of Musaddilal Jewellers for allegedly selling gold worth ? 100 crore to fictitious customers. The jeweller used fake names and fake addresses on the bills, according to reports. The arrest was made after the Income Tax department lodged a complaint alleging fraud by the jeweller. 
According to reports, actor Shahid Kapoor has admitted that he was starstruck by Twinkle Khanna when he was a teenager. He reportedly revealed that he would wait for hours to catch a glimpse of Twinkle at a hotel swimming pool during the shoot of her 1997 film ' Itihaas' . Shahid' s mother Neelima Azeem was also a part of the film. 
The CBI is set to probe the appointment of Delhi Health Minister Satyendra Jain' s daughter, Soumya Jain, in his own ministry as the Advisor to the Mission Director. As per reports, Soumya had no experience in health sector and instead held a background in the architecture field. Further, her appointment was reportedly not a result of selection through transparent processes. 
A 44- year- old man has been arrested by Maharashtra police for giving an advertisement in a Marathi newspaper, asking people to contact him if they wanted to convert old currency notes into new. The advertisement appeared in the Solapur edition of the newspaper from December 14 to 16. The police traced the accused from the contact details mentioned in the advertisement. 
Australian captain Steve Smith has become the only player to score 1, 000- plus Test runs in the last three calendar years, achieving the feat while bringing up his hundred against Pakistan on Thursday. Smith is now the fourth player in Test cricket to cross the 1, 000- run mark for three consecutive years, joining Brian Lara, Marcus Trescothick and Kevin Pietersen. 
The Air Traffic Controller ( ATC) mixed the location of one plane with that of another that had nearly led to a collision between an IndiGo and a SpiceJet aircraft at Delhi Airport on Tuesday, according to the Airports Authority of India. The two aircraft had reportedly come face- to- face with barely 40 metres between them on the same taxiway. 
A temple located in Ghaziabad, Delhi NCR has started accepting donations through electronic wallet app Paytm due to the fall in donations owing to demonetisation. The donations have dropped " drastically" in December, with a week? s collection being restricted to not more than ? 1, 200 as against about ? 3, 000 earlier, the priest at the temple, located in the Indirapuram area, said. 
A Madras High Court judge on Thursday expressed doubts over the demise of former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa as the death was sudden and no medical report was submitted. " Media has raised a lot of doubts. Personally, I also have doubts in Jayalalithaa' s death, " Justice Vaidyalingam said. The court was hearing a PIL seeking a judicial probe into Jayalalithaa' s death. 
Delhi lawyer Rohit Tandon has been arrested by the Enforcement Directorate over illegal conversion of old notes worth more than ? 60 crore. In a raid conducted at Tandon' s office earlier this month, ? 13. 5 crore cash was seized, among which ? 2. 6 crore was in new banknotes. A Kotak Mahindra Bank' s branch manager has also been arrested for exchanging notes for Tandon. 
Snapdeal will begin home delivery of Reliance Jio SIMs at select locations, the company has said in an e- mail sent to a set of customers. The e- mail recipients can enter details like time and when and where they want their SIM to be delivered. A Jio executive will visit the house of the customers to deliver and activate the SIM. 
A Kotak Mahindra Bank branch manager arrested on Wednesday, Ashish Kumar, took ? 1. 5 crore to convert ? 35 crore demonetised currency of Delhi- based lawyer Rohit Tandon, said the Enforcement Directorate. The bank has suspended the services of the manager. Earlier in December, two people were arrested for opening fake accounts in the branch with unaccounted deposits totalling ? 34 crore. 
Mumbai have included 17- year- old cricketer Prithvi Shaw in their squad for the Ranji Trophy semifinal to be played in Rajkot from January 1. Shaw created a record by scoring 546 runs in the Harris Shield school tournament in 2013, the then- highest score in school cricket and then third- highest score going by all registered scorecards available worldwide in competitive cricket. 
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Wednesday said the party will not form any alliance for the 2017 UP Assembly polls. He also announced that the party has declared the list of 325 candidates for the polls while 78 other candidates will be announced soon. " The party which wins UP elections also wins Delhi ( Lok Sabha) , " Mulayam added. 
A woman from Bengaluru, Karnataka has filed a police complaint as she was fed up of seeing her husband dressed up in sari and wearing makeup. The woman is also seeking divorce from her husband. The couple had an arranged marriage a year ago. " Our marriage was not consummated due to impotency and congenital defects, " said the woman. 
Priyanka Chopra has said that Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan' s son Taimur Ali Khan Pataudi is a beautiful baby, who has his mother' s pout. Priyanka also slammed those who criticised the baby' s name. She added, " I definitely think it is no one' s business what a family decides to do and what happens within the four walls of their house. " 
The number of applications for driving licences in Delhi doubled within a day, after the online mode for the payment of fees was reintroduced. As per reports, the number of daily applications for driving licences stood at around 300 till December 24, and it shot up to over 700 on December 26, the next working day. 
Singer Beyoncé has been named the ' Most Charitable Celebrity' in 2016 as part of the annual ' Celebs Gone Good' list by the non- profit organization ' Do Something' . During the year, Beyoncé was part of campaigns for water problem in Flint, Michigan, gender equality and the Black Lives Matter movement. Taylor Swift and Demi Lovato were part of the list' s top five. 
The Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakashan Sangharsh Samiti has demanded separate reservation of 5% within Other Backward Class quota, reports said. In 2015, the Rajasthan government had provided 5% reservation for Gujjars, Banjaras, Gadia Lohars, Gadarias and Raikas under Special Backward Classes, taking the total reservation in Rajasthan to 54% . However, the Rajasthan High Court struck down the move. 
Suspended AIADMK MP Sasikala Pushpa' s husband and lawyer were attacked outside AIADMK headquarters on Wednesday by party workers in Chennai. Pushpa recently said she will contest late CM J Jayalalithaa' s aide Sasikala Natarajan for the party General Secretary post, which has remained vacant after Jayalalithaa' s demise. Condemning the attack, Pushpa said, " I' m being denied an opportunity. " 
The Delhi Police have suspended a head constable who was allegedly caught accepting an unidentified object from a gang of women pickpockets on CCTV at a Delhi Metro station. The gang was later arrested on the complaint of a US- based woman, who had reported the theft of her jewellery and other valuables while travelling in the metro. 
Five months after the death of Sarvanan Ganeshan, a 26- year- old junior resident doctor of AIIMS, which was thought to be a suicide earlier, a murder case was registered last week in the case. Someone had forcefully injected a medicine in his right forearm and Ganeshan could not have done so, as he himself was right- handed, reports said. 
The outgoing Indian Air Force Chief Arup Raha on Wednesday said the worst moment during his tenure was when he heard about an AN- 32 plane going missing with 29 personnel on board. Citing that the IAF undertook over 1, 000 flying hours to search for the plane, Raha termed it as a mistake of not fitting AN- 32s with underwater locator beacons. 
A 66- year- old from South West Delhi? s Dwarka Sector 22 allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday and in a note requested his organs be donated to All India Institute of Medical Sciences. In his suicide note, the deceased said that ? he is tired of life. ? The man was a retired civil engineer and had worked as an advisor with the DRDO. 
Azhar Ali became Pakistan' s first Test batsman to hit two 200+ scores in a year, after posting 205* ( 364) against Australia in the Boxing Day Test on Wednesday. The 31- year- old became the fourth Pakistani to hit 300+ , when he scored 302* ( 469) against West Indies in October. Ali is also the fifth Pakistani batsman to score 1, 000+ Test runs in a year. 
The Delhi Police has arrested the alleged mastermind of an inter- state gang that made fake ? 10 and ? 5 coins at factories in Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Bihar, the police said on Tuesday. A car and fake coins of the face value of ? 17, 390 were also seized. This is reportedly the seventh arrest in the fake coins racket. 
Eight JNU students have been suspended for " disrupting" an academic council meeting held on Monday, as per reports. This comes amid the academic council approving a UGC notification, making entrance test for PhD and MPhil as only a " qualifying" criterion. The students' suspension will continue till a committee, set up on Tuesday to investigate the matter, submits its findings. 
Pakistan? s spy agency ISI is plotting to open a new front in eastern India by launching an attack from a secret terror launchpad set up at Thailand- Myanmar border, a report has claimed. Furthermore, the ISI is reportedly using Taliban fighters to train Rohingya Muslims to launch terror attacks. It is also training some Khalistani militants. 
Telugu Desam Party MLA Jaleel Khan, who represents Vijayawada west constituency, has in an interview to a news portal reportedly claimed that he graduated in Commerce, but had Physics and Mathematics as subjects. As per the report, he further claimed to have always secured 100 out of 100 marks in every Maths examination. " Commerce is nothing but Mathematics, " he added. 
The Air Intelligence Unit ( AIU) of Customs has seized new currency worth ? 25 lakh in ? 2, 000 denomination notes from a Dubai- bound passenger, Arif Koyante, at the Mumbai international airport. Koyante was holding an Indian passport and had concealed the currency notes in 52 envelopes placed inside the layers of 13 cardboards on which readymade garments were wrapped. 
Quashing his detention under the Public Safety Act, the Jammu and Kashmir High Court has ordered the immediate release of separatist leader Masarat Alam Bhat. He was arrested in 2010 for leading a mass agitation in which 120 people were killed. Alam was released in 2015, but was rearrested for allegedly raising pro- Pakistani slogans and hoisting Pakistani flags. 
None of the Delhi University colleges managed to get the highest grade ( A+ + ) in the quality assessment conducted by the National Accreditation and Assessment Council, an autonomous body of UGC. Only three out of the 62 colleges secured the second- highest grade ( A+ ) . The three colleges were Shri Ram College of Commerce, Lady Shri Ram College for Women, and Hindu College. 
The prime accused in the 17- year- old girl' s murder inside a Mercedes car in Delhi' s Najafgarh has reportedly changed his statement and told the police that the girl had shot herself. The accused, Shubham Gupta, had earlier confessed to have shot his friend out of jealousy, as per reports. Gupta was taken to Haridwar, where he had fled following the incident. 
Two murder accused, who had been absconding, allegedly shot dead an 18- year- old witness, Jeet, in Delhi? s Mahendra Park on Sunday night. As per reports, the two accused, along with three others, had murdered the victim' s friend in June this year. Jeet was the complainant in the case and was to testify against the accused in the court. 
A family was allegedly robbed of jewellery worth ? 10 lakh by armed men on the Yamuna Expressway during the early hours on Monday. Some men threw metal objects on the road which burst the tyre of the car, and as the victim stepped out, four men armed with a country- made pistol surrounded him and robbed his family, the police said. 
Abhay Singh Chautala, former president of the Indian Olympic Association, who was recently appointed a life president of IOA, has said Sports Minister Vijay Goel is " not interested in sports" . " Goel should work for improving sports infrastructure in the country rather than levelling baseless allegations, " said Chautala. Goel had expressed shock at the appointment of corruption- accused Chautala. 
A week after unidentified bikers robbed an ATM cash van in East Delhi? s Pandav Nagar, the police have arrested three persons in connection with the case and recovered ? 9 lakh from them. The crime took place in broad daylight when a cash van had come to replenish an SBI ATM. The police was initially told only ? 5 lakh was robbed. 
The Delhi University is planning to conduct entrance exams for admission to BCom ( honours) and BA ( programme) in the upcoming academic session, Convener of the DU admission committee Manoj Khanna has said. At present, the varsity conducts entrance tests for its post- graduation and professional courses. However, admissions to undergraduate courses are done on the basis of Class 12 marks. 
Information and Broadcasting minister Venkaiah Naidu and Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu launched the audio of the Telugu film ' Gautamiputra Satakarni' , which is actor Nandamuri Balakrishna' s 100th film, in Tirupati on Tuesday. " [ T] his film is a great attempt to throw light on the history of Telugu people, " said Venkaiah. Shriya Saran and Hema Malini were also present at the launch. 
Airline company Air India accommodated over 16, 274 kgs of currency notes on 17 of its aircraft from November 10 till December 12, for distribution to the remote northeastern destinations and Port Blair. The Reserve Bank of India had sought Air India' s cooperation to ensure dispatch of the currency to these areas to cater to the demand for legal currency. 
Dairy cooperative Amul has released a new poster on the Aamir Khan, Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra starrer ' Dangal' . The poster has been captioned, " Dangal the bait" . It further reads, " Amul Har Chhori ke Liye' . The film, which released on December 23, earned over ? 100 crore within three days of its release. 
Yuvasatta, an NGO has started an initiative named ' Wall of Kindness' in Chandigarh, wherein they have hooked up a pipe on a school wall and put up a signboard asking people to donate clothes. Several donors have donated items for the needy people living on pavements. The NGO also plans to start this programme in other cities and towns. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra, while talking about how eventful the year 2016 was for her, said " Please 2017, give me a week off. " The 34- year- old actress said, " The stars aligned in 2016. I have had some amazing moments this year. " Priyanka made these comments when she was recently in Assam, where she was formally appointed as the state' s tourism brand ambassador. 
Taking a jibe at NCP and SP supremos Sharad Pawar and Mulayam Singh Yadav, Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis has said that those who dream to become the Prime Minister never get the top post. " Let me remain Chief Minister, " he said when asked by some students at IIT- Bombay whether he wanted to become the PM. 
AIADMK Rajya Sabha MP SR Balasubramanian has condemned the involvement of CRPF forces by the Income Tax Department during raids at former Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary Ram Mohan Rao' s office. Balasubramanian said that the I- T could have obtained the state police' s assistance for the raids as deploying CRPF for protection gave the impression that the state' s police force was unreliable. 
Six children have moved the National Green Tribunal over the pollution levels in Delhi. One of the children said they decided to file the petition for ? some sort of relief from the constant breathlessness? . In 2015 too, parents had filed a petition in the Supreme Court on behalf of their toddlers calling for a ban on firecrackers in the city. 
The Delhi police receives nearly 72, 000 blank calls every day with some callers dialling the helpline numbers over 50 times " by mistake" , said a senior police officer. The police has reportedly prepared a list of such callers who " harass" the control room personnel with repeated calls and have sent it to the Department of Telecommunication for a solution. 
The NDA government is planning a Ganga Act to penalise those found guilty of polluting the Ganga river. " I want to ensure cleanliness ( Nirmalta) and uninterrupted flow ( avirlta) of Ganga from its origin till its submerge into the sea, " Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti has said. Once it is finalised, the bill will be taken up for the Cabinet' s nod. 
Stanford scientists have used the smallest possible diamond bits ( diamondoids) to assemble atoms into three- atom- wide electrical wires. The core of each block of the nanowire is formed by copper and sulphur atoms, while diamondoids form the insulating outer shell. The technique could be used for making fabrics that produce electricity and optoelectronic devices that employ both current and light. 
The Delhi Metro has used waste material to construct a 42, 000- square- metre park in east Delhi. The park, which has been named Eco Park, will open to the public in two months. The DMRC said that it will generate energy using solar panels and house an artificial lake, an open theatre, a CISF Parade Ground and a multi- purpose hall. 
BSP Chief Mayawati on Tuesday said that the BJP should reveal its ministers' bank account transaction details before the announcement of demonetisation. " BJP is misusing the state machinery to malign the name of BSP, " she added. Her statement comes after over ? 104 crore were detected in an account linked to BSP and ? 1. 5 crore in the account of Mayawati' s brother. 
Tamil filmmaker G Suraj has apologised to Tamannaah and all industry heroines for his alleged sexist remarks. " If we are paying good money to watch a film, we. . . expect Tamannaah to be completely glamorous, " Suraj had said. He added he would instruct his costume designer to shorten the heroine' s clothes. Actresses Tamannaah and Nayanthara had slammed the director for his comments. nnnn
A collision was averted on Tuesday as an IndiGo and a SpiceJet aircraft came face- to- face on the runway of Delhi' s Indira Gandhi International Airport. The incident took place when the Indigo flight was headed towards taxiway after landing and the SpiceJet aircraft was about to take- off. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation has ordered a probe into the incident. 
Yadireddy, a 75- year- old beggar from Andhra Pradesh' s Vijayawada, has donated a silver crown worth ? 1. 5 lakh to a Ram temple. Yadireddy, who did odd jobs including rickshaw pulling for 45 years, has been begging for the past few years. Claiming that he has survived due to strength God has given, Yadireddy said, " As a thank you, I am offering my bit. " 
Archaeologists recently found evidence of a new tomb behind a 4, 200- year- old wall unearthed in Egypt. The two- metre high wall has been found below a pathway in the West Aswan cemetery at Qubbet el- Hawa, and the hidden tomb is thought to hold an unknown ruler. The team will reportedly excavate the tomb further in April next year. 
Homegrown e- wallet FreeCharge has dismissed reports that suggested global payments platform PayPal is set to buy a 25% stake in the company. Media reports claimed on Sunday that PayPal is expected to take a significant stake in FreeCharge for around $ 200 million. " There is no such discussion or proposal and the story is completely incorrect, " a FreeCharge spokesperson said. 
In view of the rise in crimes against women, the Centre has decided to set up 200 special investigating units in the most crime- prone districts. The Investigative Units on Crime Against Women will be set up on a 50: 50 cost sharing basis with the states. Besides augmenting state machinery, the units would encourage women to come forward and lodge complaints. 
Premier League Champions Leicester City have distributed over 30, 000 Jamie Vardy masks to their fans, in a protest against the forward' s three- match suspension. The fans will be seen wearing the masks in Leicester' s Boxing Day match against Everton at King Power Stadium. The Football Association ( FA) had rejected Leicester' s appeal against the ban which club' s chairman deemed " unfair" . 
In a bid to ensure punctuality, Delhi' s Chief Secretary MM Kutty has asked all officers working in the Delhi secretariat to report to work by 9: 45 am. This comes after Kutty noticed that many officers were coming late to their offices. The newly appointed chief secretary has instructed secretaries of every department to take strict action against habitual late- comers. 
At least 9 Nobel Prize winners have confirmed their participation in the 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, Gujarat Chief Secretary JN Singh said on Sunday. Adding that the investors' summit is also a knowledge- sharing platform, Singh said the laureates will interact with scientists, students and industry leaders. A 5- week long Nobel Prize Series Exhibition will also be held. 
The Left, JD( U) , NCP, and SP has reportedly refused to attend the joint press conference scheduled to be held in Delhi by the Congress and the TMC against the Centre' s demonetisation move on Tuesday. " We do not know what is the agenda of the press briefing. There' s no common minimum programme. So how can we participate, " JD( U) leader KC Tyagi said. 
A young boy approached the head constable of a Hyderabad police station to file a complaint, claiming his grandmother was " torturing" him by restricting his playtime. The police said they gave his parents a counselling session, convincing the boy to withdraw his complaint after giving him chocolates. The police said it seemed the boy was inspired by TV serials. 
Japanese scientists have developed a urine- powered sensor that can alert caregivers when a diaper is wet. It took the scientists five years to develop a flexible embeddable battery and urine sensor for diaper. The setup contains a battery attached to capacitor that stores generated electricity and a transmitter which can beam signal to a receiver up to 16 feet away. 
Members of India' s junior hockey team, who won the World Cup last week, have said they will request PM Narendra Modi to grant them jobs at a meeting next week. " We need some security. . . if we pick up an injury, who will take care of us? We are jobless, " said Gurjant Singh, who scored in the final against Belgium. 
Delhi' s Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia inaugurated eight public libraries constructed under the Swaraj Fund in the Karawal Nagar assembly constituency in Delhi on Sunday. These libraries have been built from the citizen local area development fund, or Swaraj fund, and were taken up after people chose them as priority projects in mohalla sabhas conducted in various assembly constituencies. n
While delivering a speech on celebrations of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee' s 92nd birthday, BJP' s Aligarh mayor Shakuntala Bharti said, " Former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayeeji is no longer with us, but his memories remain. " While the Mayor accepted her mistake and apologised for it later, former Aligarh Zila Panchayat member Narendra Pachauri termed Bharti as an ' ignorant' . 
After the Congress tweeted a list of Sahara Group cash recipients which also listed former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, the 78- year- old politician said, " I do not recall anything in this regard. " Dikshit further said, " I do not have to offer any comment on this matter. . . I have nothing to do with this. . . Don' t drag my name into this. " 
After a gap of three years, Delhi' s tableau will be showcased with the theme ' education' at the 68th Republic Day parade at Rajpath. The Delhi government has said a special theme song on education is also being prepared for the tableau on which school children will dance. There would also be replicas of Jantar Mantar, model school, it added. 
As many as 6, 117 Kuchipudi dancers performed together in Andhra Pradesh' s Vijayawada on Sunday evening to set a new Guinness World Record. The Guinness adjudicator declared that the 12- minute " Jayamu Jayamu" item was the ' Largest Kuchipudi dance' performance. Dancers from across the world, including those from the US, UAE, UK, Russia, Hong Kong and Mauritius took part in the performance. 
The Sports Ministry has derecognised yoga, 15 months after declaring it a ' priority sport' . The decision was communicated to National Sports Federations and the Sports Authority of India after the government concluded it will not be possible to conduct competitions. Yoga will now come under the prerogative of the Ministry of AYUSH ( Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy) . 
German automaker BMW will start recalling over 1. 93 lakh cars from August 2017 in China over a defect in their airbags. The cars are being recalled as the gas generators inside the inflating airbags may damage and cause flying debris, posing safety risks to the passengers. BMW has promised to replace the defective airbags free of charge. 
Delhi witnessed the most polluted day of the month so far on December 24, as per reports. The level of particulate matter with diameter less than 2. 5 micrometer ( PM 2. 5) touched the 500- mark, which is the highest recordable value in the national capital. The minimum safe level of PM 2. 5 set by Central Pollution Control Board is 60 µg/ m3. 
Around 16 people were wounded in a grenade explosion on Saturday outside a Catholic church during Christmas eve mass at the southern island of Mindanao in the Philippines. No one has claimed responsibility for the attack yet. Recently, the US embassy in the Philippines had warned its citizens against travelling to volatile southern islands because of kidnapping and bombing threats. 
The police on Saturday arrested a builder who was the prime accused in the gang rape of a teenage girl in Delhi' s Jamia Nagar, from Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh. The arrest comes after the girl' s mother was allegedly shot by two unidentified bike- borne men. There are four other accused in the case and all of them are on the run. 
Dinanath Bhargava, a co- artist in the team that sketched the National Emblem ' Lion Capital of Ashoka' , died at the age of 89 in Indore on Saturday. Bhargava was reportedly suffering from cardiac ailments. Born on November 1, 1927, Bhargava was in his early twenties when he was chosen in the team, which also designed the pages of the Constitution' s manuscript. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan will be conferred an honorary doctorate by Hyderabad- based Maulana Azad National Urdu University on Monday. " Actor, entrepreneur and philanthropist" Shah Rukh will be awarded the doctorate for his " outstanding services in the field of arts and culture" . Notably, the actor also received an honorary doctorate from the University of Edinburgh in 2015. 
Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik created 1, 000 Santa Claus sculptures at the Puri beach in Odisha on Christmas eve. The installation was constructed with the help of 35 students and about 1, 000 tons of sand in four days. With the sand art, Sudarsan broke his 2012 Limca Book record of 500 sand Santa Claus sculptures. 
A photograph of actress Kareena Kapoor celebrating Christmas eve with sister Karisma, and friends Malaika Arora and Amrita Arora has been shared online. Kareena and Saif hosted a party to mark Christmas eve, which was also attended by Soha Ali Khan and Kunal Kemmu. Kareena gave birth to son Taimur, her first child with husband Saif Ali Khan this week. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra, in a recent interview, said that being objectified is a part of her profession. She further added, " I do not get offended by being called a sex symbol, because I am an actress and it is the nature of what I do. " Priyanka also said that being a sex symbol is not the only thing one should aim for. nn
Regional Transport Offices ( RTOs) in Delhi are set to go cashless from January 2017 and fees for all services including driving licence, auto permit and fitness certificate can be paid electronically. The Transport Department has started installing PoS machines at its zonal offices and the trial run of the cashless transaction system is being carried out at some places. 
Pakistan Railways is running a special ' Santa Train' to send out the message of interfaith harmony, peace and tolerance. The Christmas- themed train decorated with lights and mock snowmen will be running from Islamabad to Peshawar and then Lahore. " This is a sign of tolerance, everybody will celebrate Christmas together, " said Minister of Human Rights Kamran Michael. n
A woman and a teenage boy blew themselves up on Saturday in Bangladesh capital Dhaka after a counter- terrorism police unit raided a three- storey building where Islamist militants were hiding. Police said the militants are believed to be from the group responsible for the Dhaka cafe attack. Reportedly, four people, including two women and two children, came out and surrendered later. 
Slamming the Centre' s demonetisation move, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said that cashless economy is a " bigger dream" than ' achche din' ( good days) . Akhilesh said this while attending an event to distribute cheques to the families of martyrs and 14 persons who had allegedly lost their lives while standing in queues outside ATMs or banks after demonetisation. 
The CBI has filed a case against the manager of Vaidyanath Urban Cooperative Bank' s branch in Maharashtra' s Pimpri- Chinchwad area over currency fraud, reports said. Six others were booked in connection for fraudulently transporting ? 25 crore in demonetised currency from the bank' s head office in Beed to the Ghatkopar branch to change it into legal tender. 
Ahead of the Budget, PM Narendra Modi on Saturday favoured increasing the tax contribution from various market participants in a " fair, efficient, and transparent way" . Those who profit from financial markets must make a " fair contribution" to nation- building, but for various reasons their contribution has been low, Modi said. This may be due to illegal activities and fraud, he added. 
Google India has partnered with the Ministry of Consumer Affairs for a campaign called ' Digitally Safe Consumer' to help protect consumer interest online. The company has said it will provide training material to over 1, 200 consumer organisations and consumer affairs departments of all Indian states. Google is also working with schools to spread awareness about internet safety among the youth. 
The prices of about 50 drugs, including those used for treatment of HIV infection, diabetes, and bacterial infections, have been capped by the government, leading to a price cut in the range of 5- 44% . In respect of medicines not under price control, manufacturers are allowed by the National Drug Pricing Regulator to increase the maximum retail price by 10% annually. 
Two fliers were held at the Mumbai airport for allegedly carrying nearly 16 kilograms of gold in their baggage, according to reports. The duo, identified as N Jadhav and P Jadhav, had reportedly taken a flight for Mumbai from the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi. They have been detained by the Income Tax department. 
Aamir Khan' s film ' Dangal' was leaked online within a day of its theatrical release on Friday. It was reportedly available for download as well as for watching online on some websites which were eventually blocked. On Facebook, a user claiming to be a Dubai resident leaked the film, which received almost 45, 000 shares before getting deleted due to copyright issues. 
The Delhi government will invite fresh applications for guest teachers in its school, reports said. This comes days after a group of guest teachers protested against Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal at a government function held for them. The city- state government had earlier allowed the already employed guest teachers to continue in the last two years. 
Pope Francis has chosen Dr Barbara Jatta as the first woman to direct the Vatican Museums. Barbara, who is presently the Deputy Director of the museums, will assume office on January 1, 2017, becoming the highest- ranking female administrator in the Vatican. The Vatican Museums are among the most popular in the world and reportedly drew six million visitors in 2015. 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Saturday said, " A note has no colour. . . If the note goes into the hands of unscrupulous persons, it becomes black as if under a spell of magic. " Addressing a rally in Dharamshala, Gandhi added that the demonetisation move has hit the horticulture, agriculture, and tourism of Himachal Pradesh. 
Following Najeeb Jung' s resignation from the post of Delhi' s Lieutenant Governor, former Union Home Secretaries Anil Baijal and GK Pillai could be possible replacements, a report said. Former Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi could also bag the post, as per reports. Jung quit 18 months before the end of his tenure but the Centre has not accepted his resignation yet. 
Four Chinese nationals were arrested on Friday at Delhi Airport for trying to spend time with a friend flying to Hong Kong by allegedly using fake e- tickets to enter the terminal area. The police said out of the four, two had valid air tickets to travel, which they cancelled at last moment, while the remaining had allegedly faked their tickets. 
The police have arrested two people who allegedly deposited scrapped currency worth ? 34 crore in nine fictitious accounts they had opened in Delhi' s Naya Bazar branch of Kotak Mahindra Bank. The branch manager, who is suspected to have colluded with the accused, is absconding. The police said that the probe can lead to hawala operators and corrupt bank employees. 
Several artistes have refused to perform at US President- elect Donald Trump' s inauguration event, scheduled to take place on January 20, 2017. This includes musicians like Elton John, The Chainsmokers, Idina Menzel and Celine Dion. " I just got call to perform at the Inauguration? I did not pick up and blocked the number, " rapper Ice- T wrote on Twitter. 
A Delhi court on Saturday granted bail to Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in a case of allegedly giving false information in an affidavit filed in the run up to the 2013 Assembly polls. The case pertains to Kejriwal allegedly giving his Delhi address so as to qualify for contesting polls in Delhi, though he was living in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh. 
A school principal in China' s Linzhou city was suspended for holding exams for 400 students in an open playground despite closure orders amid a pollution ' red alert' across several parts of the country. The ' worst smog of the year' has reportedly affected over 46 crore people, with people being forced to either leave the affected cities or breathe toxic air. 
A woman, whose minor daughter was allegedly gang- raped by four men, was shot at outside her house in Delhi? s Jamia Nagar on Friday. She was reportedly shot by a biker while she was on her way to a local hospital with her 16- year- old daughter. As per reports, the woman is undergoing treatment at the AIIMS Trauma Centre. 
ISIS- affiliated news agency Amaq has released a video of the alleged Berlin Christmas market attacker, Anis Amri, pledging his allegiance to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al- Baghdadi. Amri also calls on ISIS supporters to take revenge against " crusaders" bombing Muslims in the video. Italian police officials had shot and killed the truck attack suspect in Milan days after the attack. 
English Premier League club Chelsea have announced the transfer of attacking midfielder Oscar to Chinese football club Shanghai SIPG for a Chinese record fee of ? 433 crore ( £ 52 million) . The Brazilian will become the most expensive player in China, with Shanghai SIPG offering him a contract reportedly worth £ 400, 000- a- week ( approximately ? 3. 3 crore) . 
Revising passport application rules, the Ministry of External Affairs on Friday allowed sadhus and sanyasis ( saints and hermits) to apply for a passport by giving their spiritual Guru' s name instead of names of their parents. However, they need to provide at least one public document, wherein the name of the Guru has been recorded as their parents' name. 
Delhi' s Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung, who tendered his resignation on Thursday, has said that he had offered to quit earlier but went on following the insistence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Moreover, in his brief resignation statement, Jung had thanked Modi for his help and cooperation. Further, Jung reportedly said he would also like to write a book. 
The Delhi Metro on Friday announced that it will make 10 of its stations cashless from January 1 by opting for digital payment app Paytm for token purchase and smart card recharge. The stations chosen are Rohini East, Rohini West, MG Road Station, Mayur Vihar Phase- I, Nirman Vihar, Tilak Nagar, Janakpuri West, Noida Sector- 15, Nehru Place, and Kailash Colony. 
The civic agencies will begin an anti- encroachment and cleanliness drive from Monday at the Delhi' s Netaji Subhash Marg, the road in front of the Red Fort. As per reports, there is a plan to stop the entry of non- destined vehicles and one- way traffic arrangement will be put in place for vehicles going to Jama Masjid and the Chandni Chowk area. 
Delhi' s Deputy CM Manish Sisodia has said that guest teachers working in the Delhi government- run schools " broke his heart" after they walked out of an event held for them and protested against the AAP government. The teachers were from VHP, Bajrang Dal, and Congress, Sisodia alleged. The teachers had protested saying there were no new announcements made at the event. 
The Anti- Corruption Branch ( ACB) has summoned Aam Aadmi Party' s chief ministerial candidate for Goa Assembly elections, Elvis Gomes, in connection with a 2011 land case. Former Minister Nilkanth Halarnkar has been summoned by the ACB for the same case along with Gomes. Both the leaders have been asked to appear before the agency on or before December 27. 
Shares of technology firm Nokia fell by nearly 5% after it sued rival Apple for allegedly violating technology patents. A legal battle with Apple could delay royalty payments that are vital for shoring up Nokia' s profits, analysts said. Nokia said it had now filed 40 patents suits in 11 countries against Apple covering technologies like displays, and software. 
Golfer SSP Chawrasia has said he will " think twice before representing India at the Olympics" , after alleging " servant- like treatment" by the Indian Olympic Association at the Rio Games. " There was no proper arrangement. . . They behaved as if they were ' maalik' and we were ' naukars' , " said Chawrasia. He added the government failed to reimburse the earmarked amount of ? 30 lakh for training. 
Comedian Kapil Sharma has been ranked eleventh in the Celebrity 100 list of 2016 by Forbes India. He has been ranked seventh in terms of fame, beating the likes of Aamir Khan, Deepika Padukone and Priyanka Chopra. His total earnings were estimated to be ? 30. 17 crore, which is higher than the earnings of a few Bollywood actors. 
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has announced a scholarship of approximately ? 8. 14 lakh for the higher education of a baby named Uber who recently turned a year old. Babli, the mother, had delivered the baby in an Uber cab last December with help from the driver, who had provided her with towels and water stored in the car. 
Cricket Australia has named Virat Kohli as the captain of its Test Team of the Year, ahead of Australian captain Steve Smith. ICC had earlier left out the Indian captain from its Test Team of the Year and included Smith as the 12th man. Cricket Australia came up with the Test XI based on performances in the calendar year 2016. 
The IGI Airport in Delhi on Friday reintroduced security stamps for hand luggage, after a week- long trial run failed to save time due to congestion at terminals. CISF Director General OP Singh said, " In Delhi. . . in some cases, during random check at boarding gates, few suspicious items were caught. " However, the trial run is expected to return after Republic Day. 
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team are like Ali Baba and his gang of thieves who rob people to make themselves rich. Terming the Centre' s demonetisation move as the biggest scam in world history, Banerjee said, " Bank is cashless, the government is faceless. Remove Modi, save the country. " 
India defeated South Korea 3- 0 in the women' s U- 18 Asia Cup hockey in Bangkok on Thursday to win the bronze medal in the tournament. India got the lead in the second half following a penalty corner by Ritu, while Sangita Kumari scored a brace to make it 3- 0. Hockey India announced a cash reward of ? 1 lakh for each player. 
The proposed four- laning of highway connecting Goa and Mumbai will have around 1, 300 roadside amenities, Union minister Nitin Gadkari said on Thursday. " Hotels, restaurants and outlets selling local produce can be promoted as part of these amenities. The local food can be made available along the road, " he said. The facilities can be decided considering the tourism potential, he added. 
Samsonite- owned American Tourister has appointed India' s Test captain Virat Kohli as its brand ambassador. " Virat is a global youth icon and is the poster boy for all those who thrive on. . . ability to be ready for anything that life throws at them, " Samsonite South Asia' s COO said. Notably, Kohli is the first Indian brand ambassador of the global luggage brand. 
A Test is considered drawn, and not tied if the batting team has wickets remaining when the time expires, even if the scores are level. A Test can be termed tied only if the chasing side gets all- out with the scores level. The Bulawayo Test between England and Zimbabwe was declared drawn with the scores level, on December 22, 1996. n
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has featured on the Government of India 2017 calendar, released by the Press Information Bureau. The calendar features candid pictures, with each month representing the issues that Modi has worked for. The photos depict the Prime Minister' s participation in campaigns including ' Swachh Bharat' , ' Sashakt Nari, Sashakt Bharat' , and ' MSME: India' s economic backbone' . 
National Mathematics Day is celebrated on December 22, since 2012, after former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made the declaration, to pay tribute to S Ramanujan and celebrate his birth anniversary. Ramanujan is known for his contributions to the theory of numbers and compiling over 3, 000 mathematical results and equations. Notably, his 129th birth anniversary was observed on the day. 
Five- time world champion and Olympic bronze medalist MC Mary Kom was given the AIBA Legends award by the International Boxing Federation ( AIBA) at the body' s 70th anniversary in Montreux, Switzerland, on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Asian Games' bronze medalist Vikas Krishan Yadav was awarded the AIBA Pro Boxing Best Boxer trophy. Vikas had competed in two pro boxing bouts this year. 
Reacting to former PM Manmohan Singh' s remark that 50% Indians are too poor and illiterate to use technology, PM Narendra Modi on Thursday asked, " Is this his report card or mine? Whose legacy am I dealing with? " Modi further asked, " Where did this 50% poverty and illiteracy come from? Did I use some black magic to turn literates into illiterates? " 
Life- size artworks, glossy walls, and a unique honeycomb design for ventilation will be featured at stations of Delhi Metro? s upcoming new corridors Pink Line and Magenta Line. The stations at these corridors will have interiors covered in artworks that are a combination of paintings and photographs. The first such artwork was installed at the Bhikaji Cama Place station this week. 
Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray has said that a digital revolution is not going to solve people' s daily bread and butter issues. Reacting to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu' s comments on demonetisation, Thackeray said that while Naidu was earlier telling people to use digital payments, he has understood that people are suffering, and so has taken a U- turn. 
South Africa' s Marais Erasmus has been named the ICC Umpire of the Year and the recipient of the David Shepherd Trophy at the ICC Awards on Thursday. Erasmus was selected after a vote by the ICC' s elite panel of match referees and Test- playing captains. Erasmus, who officiated in the recent India- England Test series, is the fifth recipient of the trophy. 
The Lord Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati has made Aadhaar cards mandatory for availing ' privileged special entry darshan' and free laddus. Those without an Aadhaar card can, however, submit any other authorised identity card midway on the 10- km- long stairway to the shrine. The devotees not submitting an identity proof can visit the shrine, but without a privileged entry. 
The Anti- Corruption Branch on Wednesday filed a chargesheet against Delhi Commission for Women chief Swati Maliwal in an alleged case of irregularities in recruitment for a women' s right panel, officials said. " They have favoured Aam Aadmi Party workers, ? the ACB said. This comes after Maliwal' s predecessor Barkha Singh Shukla of the Congress party filed a complaint in this regard. 
Calling West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee ' maharani of corruption' , BJP National Secretary Siddharth Nath Singh rejected her allegations of BJP' s " political vendetta" against the TMC. This comes after Banerjee hit out at BJP over the Income Tax raid at Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary' s residence and said, " Why do not they raid Amit Shah and others who are collecting money? " 
Andhra Pradesh Finance Minister Y Ramakrishnudu on Wednesday said that demonetisation has reduced the state' s revenue by 30% , but hoped that the implementation of Goods and Services Tax might help increase the government' s income. Adding that people have faced problems due to note ban, Ramakrishnudu said the government will need to take measures to sustain the revenues and economic growth. 
With 40, 917 film screens in Chinese mainland cinemas, China has overtaken the US for the first time as the total number of screens in America stood at 40, 759. The State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television' s film bureau on December 20 shared this data. In box office earnings, China currently ranks second after Hollywood while Bollywood stands third. 
Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja currently occupy the top two spots in the latest ICC bowlers rankings, making it the first time in 42 years of two Indians at the top two positions. The only other instance of two Indians leading the rankings was in 1974 when Bishan Singh Bedi and Bhagwat Chandrasekhar occupied the first two positions. 
A district court in Dwarka, Delhi, on Wednesday granted anticipatory bail to senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar in connection with the 1984 anti- Sikh riots case. He has been asked to cooperate with the investigation agencies and not leave the country without permission. Further, the court asked Sajjan to furnish a personal bond and a surety bond of ? 1 lakh each. 
The police on Tuesday arrested the alleged mastermind, Arjun Thapa, in the Munirka double murder from Agra. His interrogation also led to the recovery of the severed head of one of the two women, whose body was found earlier. A love triangle, a possible sex racket, and Thapa' s greed for money were the reasons behind the murders, police said. 
The Delhi government has asked for sufficient time to sensitise people about the Odd- even scheme before reintroducing it. More buses will be needed to improve public transport and volunteers will have to be hired, a government official said. The Supreme Court had earlier ordered the government to automatically enforce the Odd- even formula for private cars as pollution level worsens. 
A five- year- old girl was allegedly raped by a 55- year- old man in South- East Delhi' s Taimoor Nagar area on Monday, reports said. The police said the accused has been identified as Mukhtar Sheikh, who was working as a security guard in the city' s New Friends Colony area. Sheikh had reportedly lured the girl on the pretext of giving a chocolate. 
With an aim to reduce pollution on streets, the Delhi government has slashed the DTC bus fares by up to 75% . For the entire January, there will be a flat fare of ? 5 in non- AC DTC and cluster buses, and ? 10 for air- conditioned buses. The government has also decided to give free travel passes to students, widows, and senior citizens. 
Reacting to Income Tax raids conducted at Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary P Rama Mohan Rao' s residence, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said, " Why do not they raid Amit Shah and others who are collecting money? " Banerjee further said, " While corruption needs to be condemned, raid on TN Chief Secretary by Central agencies devalues the institution of the head of civil services. " 
The government on Tuesday asserted that over 70% of rural citizens across India have adopted e- wallets as a method for digital payments. Further, 16% of the rural population has opted for the Unified Payment Interface ( UPI) , the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology said. Over 85% of merchants have also adopted e- wallets while 13% have opted for UPI, it added. 
The Delhi police arrested a 21- year- old woman, Shazia, on Monday for allegedly killing her sister because of the latter' s growing interest in the accused' s boyfriend. The accused initially tried to mislead by saying that her sister was killed by her stalker, police said. Shazia had allegedly killed her sister using a country- made pistol, which reportedly belonged to the accused' s boyfriend. 
The government has suggested the installation of Internet jammers in school buses after a PIL in the Supreme Court claimed that crews on these vehicles shared pornographic material with students and later molested them. Notably, the Centre had earlier informed the apex court that it has ordered the blocking of websites that hosted child pornography. 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday said she believed the attack at Christmas market in Berlin which killed 12 people was a " terrorist attack" and it was " hard to bear" that the suspected attacker was an asylum seeker. Merkel visited the scene of the attack and said this was " particularly repugnant" because Germans are " dedicated" to helping refugees. 
The Delhi government has decided to install solar plants at the city' s major art and culture hubs and will start with the Pitampura and Janakpuri Dilli Haats. " Dilli Haat, Pitampura will almost become power sufficient through this. . . initiative, " an official said. Delhi' s Solar Policy mandates certain government buildings to generate 5 kW solar power or 15% of the sanctioned load. 
An Air India flight to New York, AI 191, that took off from New Delhi carrying 277 passengers, flew to its destination leaving behind luggage of all the passengers. The incident happened on December 17. The airlines reportedly informed the passengers that they will take at least four to five days to bring the luggage to New York. 
A glass ceiling near Entry Gate 4 at the Chennai Airport fell off for the 74th time this year, according to reports. Notably, the National Human Rights Commission had in April issued notices to the Ministry of Civil Aviation in this regard. The Civil Aviation Ministry has reportedly investigated the airport and asked the authorities to take corrective steps. 
A swarm of bees attacked about 30 people at a funeral in the Kendrapara district of Odisha, putting a halt to the last rites for over three hours. The bees interrupted the funeral of a 66- year- old man after a nearby tree, which was home to the bees, was mistakenly set on fire. Firefighting personnel were called to douse the fire. 
The Delhi Police has decided to procure high- definition video cameras and install them in 1, 000 PCR vans. ? The objective of the initiative is to get first- hand evidence of any crime and use it to make the case stronger against the accused, ? said a senior police officer. This video can be later used as an evidence in the court, reports said. 
Following India' s win over England in the Chennai Test on Tuesday, Virat Kohli equalled Sunil Gavaskar' s record of longest unbeaten streak of 18 Tests by an Indian captain. India has won 14 Tests and drawn four in Kohli' s unbeaten streak. India, led by Kohli, has been unbeaten since August 2015, which is also the longest Test streak for the team. 
Mahinder Pal Singh has become the first Sikh cricketer from Pakistan to join the country' s National Cricket Academy. As per Pakistani media reports, Mahinder, belonging to Lahore, has been named among the top 30 emerging cricketers in the country. In Pakistan' s cricket history, only seven non- Muslim cricketers have represented the country. 
In a first, US- based scientists claim to have developed a vaccine for chikungunya fever from an insect- specific virus that does not affect people. Scientists used an Eilat virus clone to design a hybrid virus- based vaccine, which is structurally identical to the natural chikungunya virus. The hybrid virus can replicate in mosquitoes, but not in mammals. 
Supporters of late Tamil Nadu CM and AIADMK leader Jayalalithaa made an idli weighing 68 kg, which is a close replica of her face, and showcased it at Marina Beach in Chennai. Jayalalithaa was 68- years- old when she passed away on December 5. AIADMK has claimed that 597 people died of grief and shock after her demise. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the RBI has more than adequate cash to last not just till December 30 but even beyond it. " We were prepared. There has been no day when RBI did not dispense adequate cash to banks, " Jaitley said. " Anyone who has old currency notes can only go and deposit them in banks, " he added. 
Shah Rukh Khan won the Editors' Choice Best Actor award for ' Fan' , while Sonam Kapoor was named the Best Actress for ' Neerja' at Stardust Awards. In the Viewers' Choice Category, Amitabh Bachchan won the Best Actor award for ' Pink' while Anushka Sharma was named the Best Actress. Meanwhile, ' Sultan' was named the Viewers' Choice Best Film of the year. 
An NGO has rescued a rare venomous snake from a park at a residential colony in Delhi' s Rohini area. The reptile was identified as Russell' s Viper and it is considered among the ' big four' venomous snakes found in the Indian sub- continent. The NGO has kept the snake under observation and it will be later released in the wild, reports said. 
The CBI has filed a charge sheet against Rajendra Kumar, former principal secretary to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, in connection with alleged graft case against him. The CBI has alleged that the accused had entered into a criminal conspiracy and caused a loss of ? 12 crore to the Delhi Government in awarding contracts between 2007 and 2015. 
A 15- year- old girl died in Nepal after being banished to a shed during her menstrual cycle, under a custom ' Chhaupadi' . According to it, menstruating women have to stay in a shed outside the village as they are considered unclean. According to an official, over ten females have died due to this practice since 2006, despite it being outlawed by the government. nn
The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence ( DRI) unearthed an alleged fraud worth ? 150 crore on Monday in a gold jewellery manufacturing unit in Noida, Delhi NCR and arrested its owner. The purpose of the alleged fraud was to divert or smuggle high priority gold imported from Dubai into the domestic market by evading 10% basic customs duty, reports said. 
The Aam Aadmi Party on Monday declared former bureaucrat Elvis Gomes as its chief ministerial candidate for upcoming Goa Assembly elections. Currently the elected President of Goa Football Association, 53- year- old Gomes had taken voluntary retirement as IG Prisons and Urban Development Secretary to join AAP. The announcement was made at a rally by AAP chief and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal. 
The National Green Tribunal on Monday announced that throwing garbage at public places will attract a fine of ? 10, 000. The tribunal said that authorities are under " statutory" obligation to ensure that waste is " collected, transported and disposed" off so that it does not cause public health hazards. The NGT' s order came while hearing a plea on waste management in Delhi. 
A 50- year- old man died after he allegedly received a bullet injury in celebratory firing during a wedding function in west Delhi' s Nangloi area, according to police. The victim was reportedly working as a waiter at the venue when he was hit by a bullet fired from an illegal pistol. The accused, identified as Dharmender, fled the spot after the firing. nn
The Supreme Court on Monday observed that indiscipline by security personnel must be " viewed seriously" as disobeying orders of superior officers is an act of " gross misconduct" . The apex court' s remarks came while hearing a plea filed by CISF against the Delhi High Court' s judgement directing reinstatement of a constable, who was dismissed for his alleged misconduct and indiscipline. 
Around ? 5 lakh cash was looted by robbers from a cash van in east Delhi? s Pandav Nagar on Monday, reports said. The incident reportedly occurred when the van had come to replenish a State Bank of India ATM and three men on a bike snatched the bag containing cash in new ? 500 and ? 2, 000 denomination notes from a bank official. 
As many as 24 cyclists, including bankers, students and entrepreneurs, will pedal 1, 500 kilometres from Delhi to Mumbai to create awareness about human trafficking and child labour, according to reports. Reportedly, India has the highest number of slaves in the world and has been ranked fourth among 167 countries, where modern slavery is prevalent. 
Around 35, 000 students in Delhi government schools will be tested for learning disabilities and will be provided with special learning support, reports said. This comes after a government campaign found that these students were able to identify only alphabets despite having cleared Class V. The initiative is aimed at preventing the possibility of neglect of such children in schools. 
The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS) has said that it will continue to oppose Indian films featuring Pakistani actors. Ameya Khopkar, who heads MNS' cinema wing, said that even though Pakistan has resumed screening Indian films, the party' s stand will remain unchanged, until Pakistan stops attacks on Indian lands. Notably, Pakistani actress Mahira Khan stars in Shah Rukh Khan' s film ' Raees' . 
Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi on Monday asked party workers not to raise ' Murdabad' ( death to) slogans against PM Modi. " Using the word ' Murdabad' is not our culture. You can hear such words from hardliners like the RSS, " Gandhi said. " Such slogans should not be used in Congress meetings as Modi is our PM. We will defeat him politically, " he added. 
A 24- year- old woman from Dubai, Moaza Al Matrooshi, had a baby using ovary tissues that were frozen from before she reached puberty. She delivered a baby boy at a privately- run hospital in London on December 13. Moaza had decided to freeze her ovarian tissue because she was born with a blood disorder called thalassaemia. 
A 45- year- old man was allegedly beaten with cricket stumps in Delhi' s Jaitpur area after he blamed PM Narendra Modi for chaos outside ATMs post note ban, reports said. " A man started fighting with me and hit me in the head. I have received two stitches, " the victim said. A case has been registered at Jaitpur police station, reports added. 
The poster of the Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif starrer ' Jagga Jasoos' was revealed on Monday by UTV Motion Pictures alongside the tweet, " Sometimes, the fastest getaway is an Ostrich! " In the film, Ranbir plays the detective Jagga, who tries to find the whereabouts of his father. Directed by Anurag Basu, it is scheduled to release on April 7, 2017. 
Phoebe, an eight- year- old girl from the UK, has offered to say ' bong' instead of Big Ben' s chimes for a BBC radio show, during the renovation of the 157- year- old clock. She wrote a letter to a BBC editor, who replied through a letter. The letter stated, " That' s an awful lot of work for someone who is still quite young. " 
Trinamool Congress ( TMC) MLA Vaishali Dalmiya was caught on a camera talking on her mobile phone while the National Anthem was being played at a sports event in Howrah, West Bengal. Vaishali, the daughter of Board of Cricket Council of India' s Late President Jagmohan Dalmiya, was attending Football tournament Commissioner Cup which was organised by Belur Police Station. 
The house in Austria, where Adolf Hitler was born will be turned into the headquarters of a charity for the disabled. This comes after the Austrian Parliament passed a law on Wednesday, allowing the authorities to seize it from its current owner. Owner Gerlinde Pommer had refused to sell the house for years, and once operated it as a guesthouse. 
A special 90- minute break from 12: 30 PM till 2: 00 PM will be given to government employees belonging to the Muslim community in Uttarakhand for Friday prayers, reports said. The decision was taken at a Cabinet meeting on Saturday, chaired by CM Harish Rawat. This comes ahead of the Uttarakhand state assembly elections scheduled for next year. 
With 98 reported deaths, there has been a 25% rise in the number of tiger deaths this year, National Tiger Conservation Authority reported. Number of tiger deaths in 2015 was 78, it added. The NTCA has stated that all tiger deaths will be treated as poaching unless proven otherwise, making it 65% of the total deaths this year. 
London' s Big Ben will close for visitors for nearly three years for renovations, involving repairs to the clock' s hands, mechanism and pendulum. Under the project, which will reportedly cost over ? 250 crore, a lift will also be installed and the safety standards will be upgraded. During the repairs, the 157- year- old tower will go silent for the first time since 2007. 
The Enforcement Directorate ( ED) has discovered that gold biscuits worth ? 2, 700 crore were bought in Hyderabad from the period of November 8 to November 30. Further, all payments were made in cash with demonetised currency notes. The ED suspects that people, who made the gold biscuit purchases, went underground and the agency is trying to locate them, sources said. 
Former world number one Boris Becker has said Indian tennis player Sania Mirza brings him good luck. " Every time we are having lunch and she is with her doubles partner, she is winning the tournament. So Sania insisted on all the important tournaments that we have lunch together because I bring her luck and she brings me luck, " said Becker. 
The Panchayat secretary of Rafiganj, Bihar handed out old notes of ? 500 and ? 1, 000 to more than 100 old- age pensioners. He had distributed demonetised notes worth nearly ? 2. 5 lakh to the pensioners. The pension money was reportedly due since the last six months already. An FIR was filed against the secretary on the orders of the district magistrate. 
The Delhi Police has arrested a CISF head constable, Omkar Singh, for allegedly ? misusing? a Home Ministry sticker that was found on a car in which a 20- year- old woman was allegedly raped in the Moti Bagh area, earlier this week. Singh had reportedly given the sticker to his son, Mohit Pawar, who used to use it to evade toll charges. 
A 15- year- old girl was allegedly drugged and gang raped by three men in East Delhi' s New Ashok Nagar on Friday afternoon. All the accused were the girl' s neighbours and were later arrested. The police said the girl had come to Delhi from Bihar a week ago to take care of her aunt and uncle who had met with an accident. 
Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari has appointed new presidents for 14 districts. This is first set of appointments made by him since his elevation as the head of the city' s party unit on November 30. Reports claimed that of the 14, five names had strong RSS backing while eight other names were recommended by two former Delhi BJP? heads. 
The CISF is looking to rope in students to act as volunteers to ensure discipline and etiquettes in Delhi Metro, an official said. A 16- point pamphlet, prepared by CISF, will be distributed among commuters in the metro by the students, as per reports. Around 400 students from Delhi' s schools and colleges have participated in the drive, the official said. 
Formula One driver Michael Schumacher' s family has launched a new initiative, titled ' Keep Fighting' , which will work towards inspiring those in difficult circumstances. The initiative will be managed by a team on behalf of Schumacher' s family and work towards " spreading the belief that giving up is not an option" . Schumacher has been recuperating after suffering a skiing accident in 2013. 
The Delhi Police arrested a man, who has been on the run for 12 years after allegedly murdering a 65- year- old woman, from Dwarka Sector 16A in the city on Saturday. The man was hired by the elderly to paint her flat. On learning that she stayed alone, he along with his associates murdered her, and fled with cash and jewellery. 
The newly appointed head of Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW) , Anil Dhasmana, is a Madhya Pradesh cadre IPS officer who joined the external intelligence agency in1993. The 1981- batch officer, who will serve a two- year term, had worked extensively with the agency' s Pakistan desk. His areas of expertise are considered to be Balochistan, counter- terrorism and Islamic affairs. 
India is among the most generous nations towards refugees, ensuring their safety and employment in the best of her capacity, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR) has said. Adding that India provides them long- term visas instead of refugee cards, a UNHCR official said India has been tolerant with people of different backgrounds, unlike many other nations. 
The new chief of Air Staff, BS Dhanoa, had joined in the IAF in 1978 as a fighter pilot. Dhanoa, who is a Qualified Flying Instructor, commanded a fighter squadron and flew several strike missions during the Kargil War. In recognition of his meritorious services, he has been awarded Yudh Seva Medal, Vayusena Medal and the Ati Vishisht Seva Medal. 
Actor Aamir Khan has said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s demonetisation move has not affected him as he spends only using credit cards and cheques. " I believe it affected those people who have black money, " he further said, adding that he does not have black money as he has been paying his taxes. Further, Aamir called for supporting Modi' s demonetisation initiative. 
The Department of Telecom will launch a portal that will have data on mobile towers and transmitters within a month to allow people to track the radiation compliance status, officials said. Those who want to get the radiation levels tested by the government will have to pay a fee of ? 5, 000, Telecom Secretary JS Deepak said. 
Pakistan on Saturday in a statement said it will not accept any modifications or changes to the provisions of the Indus Waters Treaty signed between India and Pakistan in 1960. Special Assistant to PM Nawaz Sharif, Tariq Fatemi, said, " Our position is based on the principles enshrined in the treaty. And the treaty must be honoured in letter and spirit. " 
Former Indian Air Force Chief SP Tyagi, his cousin Sanjeev Tyagi, and lawyer Gautam Khaitan have been sent to judicial custody till December 30 in connection with the ? 3, 600 crore AgustaWestland VVIP chopper scam. All the three accused have filed their bail applications in the Patiala House Court, which will be heard by the court on December 21. 
Surinder Koli, the prime accused in the Nithari killing cases, was awarded the death penalty in the seventh case by a Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) court in Ghaziabad on Friday. Koli was awarded death sentence by the CBI court in all the previous six cases but one of them was later commuted to life by the Allahabad High Court. 
The Income Tax department on? Friday seized ? 1. 4 crore in cash, including ? 8 lakh in new ? 2, 000 banknotes, from the premises of a civil contractor in the Delhi' s Karol Bagh area. The department also conducted a survey operation at the Krishna Nagar branch of Axis bank in Delhi in connection with a probe, reports said. 
Aiming to reduce administrative costs, West Bengal government on Friday reduced the number of its departments from 63 to 52 by merging 21 departments into 10. The net reduction of the government departments would be 11, state Finance Minister Amit Mitra said. The decision was also taken to increase efficiency and ensure better delivery of public services, he added. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that demonetisation is the biggest step taken against black money and wrongful economic practices in the country in the last 70 years. Speaking at the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry' s ( FICCI' s) 89th Annual General Meeting, Jaitley added, " The process of remonetisation is not going to take a lot of time. " 
The Centre for Science and Environment ( CSE) has recommended a complete ban on celebrities endorsing foods high in salt, sugar or fat. Other suggestions made by CSE include strengthening nutrition facts labelling system, ascertaining nutrients and approving food advertisements. It further called Centre' s proposed penalty and jail term to celebrities for misleading advertisements as ineffective. 
Demonetisation has affected over 40 crore workers in the organised and unorganised sectors across the country, AAP claimed on Friday. Asserting that developed nations had stayed away from demonetisation, the party accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of driving " the world' s largest economy into a mess" . After demonetisation, even big companies had started laying off people, AAP further claimed. 
Mumbai' s Anti- Terror Squad ( ATS) has reportedly written to the Centre requesting them to provide all information about a Mumbra youth, who had allegedly left India to join ISIS. ATS also asked the forensic department to retrieve data from his mobile and laptop, for investigation purposes. The agency has also reportedly sought details of the youth' s bank accounts. 
Ex- England cricketer Geoffrey Boycott named his Dream XI cricket team which did not feature any of the Indian greats. Boycott said he did not pick Gavaskar in the side as batsmen from yesteryears like WG Grace and Jack Hobbs played under higher degree of challenges. " The Dream XI selected by the ICC' s online readers insults. . . achievements of the greats, " added Boycott. 
The Solapur district cooperative bank told the Bombay HC on Wednesday that they were only able to give ? 900 as salary to every teacher for the entire month because the RBI only gave them ? 1 crore. The bank claimed that it needs about ? 95 crore to pay the salaries of teachers whose accounts are with the bank. 
A 20- year- old woman, who had come to Delhi in search of a job, was raped on Thursday by a man in South Delhi? s Moti Bagh area in a car, the police said. The accused, posing as a cab driver, drove the woman around for over two hours and raped her later. This comes four years after December 16 rape case. 
After PM Narendra Modi claimed that Indira Gandhi did not implement demonetisation despite recommendation, Congress leader Kapil Sibal said, " Modi is not aware of India' s history. " " For the PM to say that Congress is bigger than the country proves that he is not aware of the history of India. His party' s people were against Congress which was fighting the freedom war, " Sibal added. 
Clashes took place between police and locals in Patna, Bihar, over the demolition of a temple by the administration for road widening. The mob set on fire police vehicle and pelted stones on the authorities for attempting to demolish the temple. After dispersing the crowd by firing in the air, the police demolished the temple and the situation remains tensed. 
' We Will Rise' , an English song from the Kunal Kapoor starrer Indian film ' Veeram' , has been shortlisted among 91 songs to compete for the Original Song category at Oscars 2017. " I am proud to lead an Indian Film Production Company which. . . achieved the unique distinction of being shortlisted for an Oscar nomination for its English song, " said director Jayaraj Nair. 
China' s first aircraft carrier battle group has conducted its first- ever exercise with live ammunition in the Bohai Sea, China' s Navy said on Thursday. This was reportedly conducted to test equipment and troop training levels. This comes amid increasing tensions in the Asia- Pacific region over the South China Sea dispute and US President- elect Donald Trump' s remarks against ' One China' policy. 
The ruling AIADMK in Tamil Nadu has rejected opposition parties' demand for issuing ' white paper' , a government report giving information on an issue, on the treatment given to Late CM J Jayalalithaa. AIADMK Spokesperson C Ponnaiyan termed the demand for white paper as a planned campaign against Sasikala Natarajan, the long- time close aide of Jayalalithaa and prospective party general secretary. 
Reacting to the meeting between President Pranab Mukherjee and Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama last week, China has said that it is " strongly opposed" to such engagement which would have a " negative impact" on Indo- Sino relations. " We urge the Indian side to see through the anti- China separatist nature of the Dalai Lama clique, " the Chinese Foreign Ministry stated. 
With most seizures of cash being reported from places other than the financial capital of the country post demonetisation, Income Tax officials said that Mumbai is financially smart enough to handle black money. Although Mumbai is India' s richest city, hardly 10% of the total cash seizures in the country in last 37 days have been registered in Mumbai, officials added. 
Incidents of rape in Delhi have risen over three times since the December 16 Nirbhaya gang rape case, from 706 in 2012 to 2, 199 in 2016. The police attributed the increase to more women coming forward to lodge complaints after the incident. However, the conviction rate for rape incidents dropped from 49. 25% of cases in 2012 to 29. 37% in 2015. 
The US has stated that India remains one of the fastest- growing countries in the world while also underlined that inefficiencies remain in India' s public sector. " India remains one of the fastest- growing countries in the world, with real GDP expanding at 7. 3% in the four quarters through 2016: Q3, " said the Economic Report of the President for the year 2017. 
Four naked Ayyappa devotees were stopped from worshipping the deity in Karnataka' s Kalghatgi by the villagers, reports said. The devotees were reportedly worshipping Lord Ayyappa being nude for the past 15 days and were planning to remain nude for 41 days. Their group leader Ramesh Guruswamy said by worshipping without considering cold and heat, wishes are fulfilled at the earliest. 
Delhi Metro stations will soon get ' digital walls? to play video advertisements without the audio, an official said. ? [ O] nly a pen drive will be needed [ then] to put ads, " he added. Such walls of 12x6 feet size have already been installed at the ITO station but stations like Rajiv Chowk will reportedly have walls as large as 16x8 feet. 
Following the demise of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa, senior leaders of the party have pleaded the late CM' s close aide Sasikala Natarajan to take up the vacant General Secretary post. Adding that ' Chinnamma' Sasikala had worked as Amma' s conscience, AIADMK' s spokesperson C Ponnaiyan said, " It is the desire of entire party that Chinnamma should become General Secretary. " 
The Income Tax department on Thursday seized ? 10. 80 crore cash, of which ? 8. 8 crore was in new notes, after searching 15 bank lockers in Pune, officials said. All the bank lockers belong to a single person, they added. The officials further said they found irregularities in the operation of these lockers, which makes it a fit case for tax evasion. 
In a sting operation conducted by India Today, some SP, BSP, Congress, JD( U) and NCP members were reportedly caught offering to convert the black money into white for a commission. Moreover, Congress member Tariq Siddiqui was ready to introduce the undercover journalists to an NGO for exchanging illegal money. The Congress has condemned his act and assured of action. 
The Gujarat Cabinet on Thursday cleared an ordinance which seeks to impose a total ban on hookah bars across the state, Gujarat CM Vijay Rupani said. Once the law comes into effect, those found violating it could face prison up to 3 years and a fine up to ? 50, 000, Gujarat MoS for Home Pradeepsinh Jadeja said. 
As per reports, Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday said to his party MPs at a special briefing that the corruption evidence he has against PM Narendra Modi is ' bullet- proof' and ' solid' . Claiming that he has gone through the evidence thoroughly and it is unimpeachable, Gandhi added, " Whenever it becomes public, it will have the effect of a political earthquake. " 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday said PM Narendra Modi should show his academic degree to him if it is not fake. " Earlier, Modiji said he did not go to college. Later, he showed correspondence course degrees which were found to be fake, " Kejriwal said. " India has not been able to comprehend how a scam of this proportion took place, " he added. 
The Hyderabad police raided various internet cafes in the Old City and caught at least 47 minors watching pornographic content. The police on Wednesday took the children into custody and paraded them in front of the media for watching porn at internet cafes. They were later let off after a counselling session in the presence of their parents. 
Social activist ' Traffic' Ramaswamy has filed a Public Interest Litigation ( PIL) in the Madras High Court seeking late Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa' s body to be dug out of the grave for post- mortem analysis. Asserting that the public has the right to know more about the AIADMK leader' s death, he demanded an examination of CCTV footage from Chennai' s Apollo Hospital. 
Department of Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das on Thursday said, " The action taken by the enforcement agencies on illegally accumulated money is based on specific inputs, you may call it a surgical strike. " Notably, PM Modi had asked BJP to stop calling demonetisation move a surgical strike, saying, " Only a soldier can do surgical strikes. We are not capable of it. " 
Police have arrested a Bengaluru gym trainer for allegedly murdering a Flipkart delivery man as he did not have money to pay for the Redmi Note 3 mobile phone he had ordered. The victim was found with his throat slit in the basement of the gym. Reportedly, the accused also stole the other phones in the delivery man' s bag. 
The police on Wednesday raided a real estate agent' s house in southwest Delhi' s Chhawla area and recovered close to ? 64 lakh in old and new currency, and jewellery worth over ? 1 crore. On the basis of a tip- off, a joint action team of income tax ( I- T) and inter- state crime cell of crime branch carried out the raid, police said. 
The time spent by Delhiites on roads has doubled in the last six years and the speed of traffic during peak hours has been cut by half, a study has revealed. A person travelling a distance of 40 km by a private vehicle during peak hours spends an average of 3. 43 hours on road, as against 1. 36 hours in 2011. 
Actress Sushmita Sen has shared a selfie of her daughters, Renée and Alisah with actor Ranveer Singh on social media. The photograph has been captioned, " Both were ecstatic to finally meet # RanveerSingh. . . he went out of his way to make their first meeting a memorable one. . . . " In response, Ranveer tweeted, " They are both so warm & wonderful. . . just like you. " 
Amid a surge in online child pornography, the Centre has roped in international police agency Interpol to curb the menace. The government plans to obtain a list maintained by Interpol of the domain names that host child sexual abuse content. The government can then ask the Internet Service Providers ( ISPs) to remove the access to such material. 
Patna- based Mahavir Mandir Trust has asserted that construction of the Viraat Ramayan Mandir? which it claims will be the world' s largest Hindu temple? will begin in 2017 after Holi. " We modified our original plan after Cambodia raised objection to our Viraat Ramayan Mandir, saying it is a replica of Angkor Wat, " the Trust said. 
Indian security forces on Wednesday killed top Lashkar- e- Taiba commander Abu Bakr in a 6- hour- long encounter in J& K' s Sopore, reports said. Bakr was reportedly holed up in a residential building in a village near Sopore and was firing at army personnel from there. The forces blasted the building where Bakr was hiding, and recovered arms and ammunitions from the encounter site. 
The Supreme Court, while hearing an AAP government' s petition on Wednesday over the Delhi' s statehood issue, said that an elected government should have some power to run, otherwise the government cannot function. CM Arvind Kejriwal had challenged the Delhi HC' s order that stated the administrative head of the city is the Lieutenant Governor. 
Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said that current Indian Test team captain Virat Kohli is twice as aggressive as he was. " His [ Kohli' s] aggression is two times more than mine, " Ganguly said while addressing reporters during the launch of the Sourav Ganguly Foundation and Sourav Ganguly Cricket School in Kolkata on Wednesday. 
Australia is reportedly considering a proposal to demonetise its $ 100 currency note in an attempt to target tax evaders. The Australian government is also setting up a task force to curb black money and will appoint representatives during its mid- year budget meeting. After India, Venezuela had scrapped its 100- bolivar note, giving its holders ten days to swap their old currency. 
A Delhi Police constable was attacked with chilli powder and bricks when he tried to stop seven suspicious looking men in south- west Delhi? s Bindapur area. Police officials said the incident took place in the wee hours of the morning on Monday. The incident was recorded on a CCTV camera and the police have reportedly identified the accused. 
Manoj Sharma, who was part of actor Akshay Kumar' s security team, passed away after getting run over by a train at Mathura junction. He had reportedly tried to get down on the platform from a moving train. His body has been handed over to his family. He was travelling in Karnataka Express from Agra Cantonment station. 
The CPI( M) has claimed that Indian defence forces would be open to scrutiny and control by America which will make India its junior ally following finalisation of the Major Defense Partner designation. " The country can see the US side of the deal? but remains ignorant of the Indian commitment as a Major Defense Partner of the US, " Sitaram Yechury said. 
A US- based NRI woman' s selfie has helped the CISF recover her stolen gold jewellery worth ? 22 lakh and bust a gang of women pickpockets from a metro station in Delhi. The CISF said the case was cracked with the help of a selfie the woman had clicked while travelling in the metro. The selfie had an accused in it. 
According to a study Jews are the most educated religious group in the world, with an average of 13. 4 years of schooling and majority going on to pursue higher education. Meanwhile, Hindus and Muslims have the fewest years of formal schooling, with an average of 5. 6 years. Notably, adults with no religious affiliation spend 8. 8 years in school on average. 
None of the mobile payment apps or digital wallets in the country are fully secure, mobile technologies leader Qualcomm has claimed. These apps actually run completely in Android mode and do not have hardware level security, which in turn can be used to compromise users' password or fingerprint, said Qualcomm. 
Actor Ranveer Singh has admitted that there was a phase when he was only in no- strings- attached relationships. " I' d cut off any string that I would see. But yeah, you change and evolve as a person. You crave something more substantial. Now I cannot even think of such relationships, " he added. Ranveer further said that he wants to become a family man. 
A Chennai- based NGO has filed a Public Interest Litigation ( PIL) in the Supreme Court demanding a CBI probe into Late Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa' s death. The petition has also sought for the recovery of all medical documents during the AIADMK Chief' s stay in Chennai' s Apollo Hospitals for more than two months. 
Two children were killed in Mumbai after the wife of an army soldier ran her car over them while learning to drive from her husband, reports said. The victims, aged seven and twelve, were riding bicycles when they came in front of the car. Reportedly, the woman panicked and pressed the accelerator instead of applying the brakes. 
Pakistani Army had to be called in to disperse a mob of around 1, 000 people who attacked an Ahmadi mosque in Chakwal district in Pakistan' s Punjab, according to reports. The minority Ahmadi community has come under attack from Sunni extremists and mobs several times in the recent past. Notably, Pakistan' s Ahmadi Muslims community is not recognised as Muslims by law. 
Congress MP Shashi Tharoor on Monday said those disrupting the Parliament should be suspended automatically from the House. " I don? t think people have sent me to disrupt the House. However, the culture of Indian politics since independence has sadly taken this shape, " he added. He further clarified he hasn? t changed his views on this and his party knows this. 
DC Comics character Wonder Woman will be removed from her position as an honorary UN ambassador for women empowerment on Friday, following protests over her appointment two months ago. UN staff members protested over her " overtly sexualized image" and slammed the UN' s inability to " find a real- life woman" who would champion the rights of women on issues of gender equality. 
The Al Ponte café in Amsterdam, Netherlands provides discounts to residents in return for plastic wastes. The initiative is part of a pilot project named ' Wasted' , which incentivises households to recycle their plastics. For every bag of plastics, households earn one green coin which can be used for a free second coffee. 
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Monday said his government is committed to improving the quality of life of the citizens of the state. " Every decision by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and my government is only for the poor. We are working for education, employment, health on priority basis, " the Maharashtra Chief Minister said while campaigning for BJP candidates. 
As per reports, actress Karisma Kapoor is planning to move in with her rumoured boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal. Sandeep is reportedly looking for a spacious apartment in Bandra, which he is planning to buy as a gift for Karisma. The two were recently spotted together on their way out of Karisma' s sister Kareena Kapoor' s house in Bandra, Mumbai. 
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday slammed the Centre' s demonetisation move saying that it is a ' visionless policy' and crores of people have become victims of it. " Demonetisation is a major setback for commoners and a maximum setback for workers, " Banerjee added. Banerjee has been leading protests against the move and has been slamming the implementation of the policy. 
The Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) has seized over ? 60 crore cash and gold weighing 245 kg from 10 major airports across the country since the demonetisation move. All of the currency seized is in the scrapped notes of ? 500 and ? 1, 000 denomination. The seizures were made at Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Guwahati, Chennai, and Patna airports, among others. 
Civilians in Aleppo, Syria posted ' goodbye messages' on Twitter as a cry for help after the Syrian army took control of eastern Aleppo. " I can tweet now but I might not do it forever. please save my daughter' s life, " a user tweeted. Another tweet read, " Perhaps my final message from E. Aleppo. Regime forces are closing in" . 
A 15- year- old girl was repeatedly gang raped by four men in the Jamia Nagar area of Delhi, city police said on Monday. One of the accused had also recorded a video clip and blackmailed the minor saying he will upload it on social media, police added. The girl is three months pregnant and the accused are absconding, reports said. 
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation ( SDMC) is planning to hire monkey catchers on a contract basis for a monthly salary of ? 18, 000, a senior SDMC official has said. Currently, the civic agency has only one staff for the job and due to manpower shortage, only 15 monkeys were caught in last year, an official added. 
The 13th edition of the ' Santa Speedo Run' was recently held in Budapest, with numerous people running through the streets in Santa hats and speedos. The fundraising event has reportedly raised over ? 10 crore ( $ 1. 6 million) for children in need since the tradition was started in Boston in 2000. The run is also held in Chicago, Toronto, and Atlanta. 
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation is planning to install electronic toll system for collecting tax to decongest toll plazas. The equipment will be installed at 13 locations by March- end on a pilot basis, officials said. The e- toll system involves tax payment through radio frequency device system which allows automatic deduction of toll tax from a customer' s account. 
A leopard that was spotted at Yamuna Biodiversity Park in Delhi last month was released in the Shivalik ranges at Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh on Monday. The three- year- old male feline was spotted roaming inside the park and was later trapped near a village, located on the periphery of the park. The leopard underwent medical tests before being released. 
China' s richest man Wang Jianlin, Chairman of multinational firm Dalian Wanda, on Monday said he is looking for a successor for his business after his son refused to take over. " I have asked my son. . . he said he does not want to live a life like I do, " Wang stated. It? s better to hand it to professional managers, he added. 
Criticising the Centre' s demonetisation move, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram said, " It is a case of ' khoda pahaad, nikli chuhiya' ( much ado about nothing) . " He further said, " It is an illusion that demonetisation is intended to hurt the rich and benefit poor. I do not see any rich man getting affected. " 
The Enforcement Directorate ( ED) has busted a Bengaluru racket involved in the illegal conversion of demonetised notes and seized ? 93 lakh in new notes. The ED officials posed as customers looking to get old currency changed illegally and arrested seven alleged middlemen. The middlemen were reportedly charging 15- 35% commission to convert money in alleged connivance with bank officials. 
The Bengaluru Police on Tuesday arrested seven people, including a hawala operator, for converting demonetised notes into new currency. The police have also recovered ? 93 lakh in new currency from the middlemen after multiple government agency raids. Further, the CBI has also registered cases against the officials of four Karnataka banks on charges of converting old notes into new ones. 
RSS ideologue and notable Chartered Accountant S Gurumurthy has said that the new ? 2, 000 notes will be phased out within next five years. He added that the ? 2, 000 note was introduced only as a bridge to meet the gap in cash being taken out of circulation. Gurumurthy further claimed that the government was committed to moving towards smaller denomination notes. 
The pilot of the chopper that crashed on Sunday in Mumbai' s Aarey Colony had reportedly informed the air traffic controller' s ( ATC) office that " clutch of the helicopter is not working. I am going for crash landing of the helicopter. " As per a report, the four- seater helicopter was 20- year- old while deceased pilot Captain PK Mishra had over 30 years of flying experience. 
India has been ranked as the fourth most vacation deprived country globally, with 63% people taking fewer days of the vacations they get, a report by a travel company stated. The report revealed that 40% Indians do not use all vacation days or do not have enough staff to cover, while 32% are not able to take vacations due to personal schedule. 
Delhi was officially announced as the capital of British Raj by the then- Emperor George V, on December 12, 1911. The capital was shifted from Calcutta as Delhi was the financial and political seat of many earlier empires and was located closer to the geographical center of India. The rising nationalist movement in Calcutta was also responsible for the shift. 
The Chief Executive Officer of a Jaipur co- operative bank, Keshav Badaya, went missing after officials of the Income Tax department raided several Jaipur- based branches of the bank. As much as ? 1. 56 crore in cash and jewellery worth ? 50 lakh have been seized from the bank' s premises. Some bank officials said Badaya was missing since the raids began on Friday night. 
Reacting to England pacer James Anderson' s comments about pitches hiding Virat Kohli' s technical weaknesses, the Indian Test captain said he does not believe in playing " sarcastic mind games" . " I am no one to question someone else' s technique or faults. They should understand it themselves. . . I want to focus on good cricket and that is exactly what we have done, " said Kohli. 
Minority Affairs Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Monday said that the Centre will organise ' cashless chaupals' for minority communities to educate them about the cashless economy. Naqvi added that the cashless economy chaupals will be held after the ongoing Winter Session of Parliament is over. He claimed that this will make the lives of minorities " even more convenient" . 
A letter threatening to bomb Howrah railway station in Kolkata, West Bengal, has been received by the office of the general manager of Eastern Railway. The threat letter allegedly mentions the name of Pakistan- based terror group Jaish- e- Mohammad. The handwritten letter sent via speed post allegedly asks railways to pay ? 50 crore, failing which it will blow up city' s major stations. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted birthday greetings for actor Rajinikanth on his 66th birthday, wishing him " a long life filled with good health" . Actor Amitabh Bachchan tweeted, " It is Rajnikant' s birthday. . . and we wish him greater glory happiness and good health. " Other Bollywood celebrities including Shah Rukh Khan and Akshay Kumar also shared birthday wishes for Rajinikanth on Twitter. 
Shuttler Saina Nehwal will open a badminton academy in Manesar, Haryana, after the Haryana government announced they will allot land to her for the project. The announcement was made by Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited' s Managing Director Sudhir Rajpal at a roadshow in Hyderabad on Sunday. The proposal was reportedly made by Saina' s father, Harvir Singh. 
Praising Virat Kohli for his knock of 235 runs in the Wankhede Test, former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly said " the world will be at Kohli' s feet in a few years' time" . Ganguly further said that the circumstances in which Kohli gets his runs make him stand out. " He just stamps his authority to win. . . be it in ODIs, Tests. . . T20Is, " Ganguly added. 
Social media giant Facebook has poached senior Google executive Pulkit Trivedi as its first Industry Director to spearhead e- commerce, retail, travel and financial services verticals in India. Besides Google, Trivedi has over 18 years of experience at multinational companies including Intel, Microsoft, and IBM. Earlier in June, Facebook appointed Umang Bedi as its new Managing Director for India. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday pulled up state' s Health Minister Satyendar Jain over the shortage of ventilators at state- run hospitals. Ambu- bags ( manual hand- held devices which support breathing) are being used to resuscitate patients due to an " acute shortage" of ventilators at hospitals, reports have claimed. " Satinder, this is unacceptable ( sic) , " he tweeted. 
France has imposed a law requiring citizens to display a " clean sticker" on their vehicles to combat pollution, after smog clouds covered Paris and other French cities. The sticker will indicate the vehicle' s age, engine and its cleanliness. France also extended its " superbonus scheme" , where owners could receive ? 10, 000 ( ? 7. 14 lakh) for changing their polluting vehicle for an electric one. 
Cyclone Vardah made its landfall near Chennai, Tamil Nadu, on Monday and all flight operations at the city airport have been suspended until 9PM. According to officials, over 4, 600 people living in low- lying areas have been shifted to relief camps in Chennai, Kanchipuram, Thiruvallur, and Villupuram. The National Disaster Response Force and the armed forces have been put on alert. 
Ousted Tata Chairman Cyrus Mistry was removed as the director of Tata Industries at its shareholders? meet on Monday. Mistry also ceases to be the Chairman following his removal as director, Tata Industries said. Tata Sons had earlier appealed to the shareholders to remove Mistry from their boards, saying his presence may " lead to fragmentation of the Tata Group" . 
James Anderson, speaking at the end of day press conference, said Indian pitches take Virat Kohli' s technical deficiencies out of the equation. " There' s not that pace in the wicket to get the nicks, like we did against him in England, with a bit more movement, " the pacer added. Kohli had averaged 13. 40 in five Tests on the last England tour. 
Rafia Qaseem Baig, a 29- year- old Pakistani woman, has become the first woman to join the country' s Bomb Disposal Unit. Baig, who has Masters degrees in International Relations and Economics, joined the force as a constable seven years ago. Despite her academic qualifications, she chose to join the police force in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province when extremists were overtly targeting security forces. 
Chelsea returned to the top of the English Premier League table after registering their ninth win on the trot with a 1- 0 win over West Bromwich Albion at the Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Diego Costa scored the match' s only goal in the 76th minute, thereby taking his season' s tally to 12 goals in 15 appearances so far. 
Ousted Chairman Mistry has accused that Tata Sons Director Vijay Singh played a key role, as the then defence secretary, in the award of ? 3, 600 crore VVIP helicopter contract to AgustaWestland in 2010. This comes after Tata Sons released a statement slamming Mistry over various reasons. Notably, Singh had chaired the board meeting that voted Mistry out from Tata Sons. 
Choreographer and filmmaker Farah Khan has shared old pictures of Priyanka Chopra and Rani Mukerji dancing at Farah' s sangeet ceremony in 2004. Farah also shared pictures of her brother Sajid Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, his wife Gauri Khan and Karan Johar from the ceremony. Farah celebrated her 12th wedding anniversary with her husband Shirish Kunder on December 9. 
Veteran actor Dilip Kumar turned 94 on Sunday while still being admitted in the hospital. He was hospitalised last week, after complaining of fever and a swollen right leg. " There are no birthday plans as such as of now, " a source said. Meanwhile, Bollywood celebrities, including Amitabh Bachchan and Juhi Chawla among others took to Twitter to wish the actor. 
Four members of Punjab' s Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) , including the founder member Colonel CM Lakhanpal, quit the party on Sunday to join Congress. AAP has started bringing in people with not so clean background and is compromising on principles, Lakhanpal alleged. Punjab Congress President Captain Amarinder Singh claimed that people are leaving AAP because the party lacks principle. 
The government will launch a nationwide toll- free helpline 14444 within a week to provide support related to cashless transactions, reports said. The ' Cash Mukt Bharat Abhiyan Helpline' will help people find suitable options depending on whether they have a smartphone or not. Earlier this week, the government launched a new television channel and a website to promote digital payments. 
A 36- year- old Delhi- based woman, Nidhi Tewari, will drive 5, 000 kilometres solo in Russia, touching Oymyakon which is known as the coldest place on Earth. Embarking on the journey on December 11, she will travel along the ' Road of Bones' where temperatures drop to as low as - 70° C. She will drive a Toyota Land Cruiser, especially modified for the winter conditions. 
The Centre has rejected Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar' s request to provide flood relief assistance to the state and has instead directed the Bihar government to spend its State Disaster Response Fund first. Union Minister for Home, Kiren Rijiju has also sought details from the Bihar government on how the available funds have been used to help the flood victims. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal' s Twitter followers reportedly crossed 10 million on Sunday. He is second to PM Narendra Modi, who has around 25. 4 million followers on Twitter. Kejriwal' s social media following has increased in the recent past due to his active usage of features like Facebook Live, said an AAP volunteer. 
The aircraft of Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik was on Saturday pushed by security personnel on the runway of a Rourkela airport after it encountered a technical glitch. The personnel pushed the aircraft till it was out of the runway. The runway had to be cleared immediately as Vice President Hamid Ansari? s flight was about to land. 
PM Modi on Sunday wished President Pranab Mukherjee on his 81st birthday and said that the country is " proud to have such a well- read and knowledgeable president" who puts India' s interests above everything. Adding that Mukherjee' s tremendous experience and wisdom has benefitted the nation greatly, Modi tweeted " I pray for his long and healthy life. " 
A 3- year- old male leopard was caught outside the forest area near the banks of Yamuna on Saturday, the Delhi Forest Department said. Reportedly, the leopard was first spotted in November and cages were kept outside the forest to trap the animal. According to a wildlife official, the animal is being relocated to Rajaji National Park in Shivalik Ranges near Saharanpur. 
While dismissing a petition against demonetisation, Karnataka High Court termed it as a " laudable" measure to tackle fake currency notes, black money and terrorism. " In the larger interests of the society, when a comprehensive mission is being accomplished, certain regulatory measures during the period of transition are bound to affect the interests of some sections of people, " the court said. 
Actor Amitabh Bachchan has confirmed in a live chat on Facebook that he will be back with a new season of the game show ' Kaun Banega Crorepati' ( KBC) . Bachchan added that the new season, which will be the show' s ninth, will probably air in 2017. KBC is based on the UK game show, ' Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? ' . 
The Income Tax department on Saturday made a fresh seizure of ? 24 crore cash from a car in Vellore, Tamil Nadu in the form of ? 2, 000 notes in 12 boxes. The department had earlier seized ? 142 crore undisclosed assets, that includes about ? 10 crore in new notes and 127 kg gold, during raids in Chennai to check tax evasion. 
US President- elect Donald Trump has said he will not allow foreigners to replace US workers, while referring to US companies hiring people on H- 1B visas. This comes after a lawsuit was filed against Disney World for displacing 250 US workers despite most of them having high- performance ratings, and allegedly hiring immigrants in their place. 
PM Narendra Modi on Sunday said while addressing a farmers' rally in Gujarat that the era of paper money is coming to an end and added India is stepping into a digital age. Claiming that he is with the poor, honest and exploited people of the country, Modi said, " The days of looting poor, exploiting middle- class will soon be history. " 
Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority ( PEMRA) has issued a notice to a TV channel for airing an unauthenticated audio clip in which people on Pakistan International Airlines ( PIA) plane that crashed recently could be heard crying for help. The management of ' Channel 24' will need to respond to the notice by December 15 or they will face ? 6. 4 lakh fine. 
Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar has asked China not to give a political colour to India' s aspiration to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG) . " Keeping in mind. . . solidarity of major developing states, it is important that China views this as a developmental aspiration, " he said. Despite both countries facing terrorism, they were not cooperating as effectively as they should, Jaishankar added. 
Late Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa' s niece Amrutha has claimed that Sasikala Natarajan never allowed Jayalalithaa to be close to her family. Saying that Sasikala does not have any rights over Jayalalithaa' s property, cash, and jewellery, Amrutha added, " Let it be handed over to the government and this can be utilised for the people of Tamil Nadu. " 
Sheena Bora murder accused Peter Mukerjea has sought the court' s permission to use a laptop without internet connection for four hours daily or an electronic typewriter to pen down his book. Mukerjea has also sought permission to eat dry fruits and other readymade food items for munching on Tuesdays and Saturdays, when he keeps fast. 
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Friday announced a government job for one of the family members of a man, Kallol Roychoudhury, who died of a stroke while standing in a bank queue post demonetisation. The Trinamool Congress also carried to Parliament a banner with details of 90 people who have died allegedly in the wake of the demonetisation decision. 
Former Supreme Court Judge Markandey Katju on Friday offered an unconditional apology to the SC in a contempt of court case for allegedly criticising the court judges for their verdict in Soumya rape and murder case. In his personal blog, Katju had described the court' s judgment, setting aside the death penalty of the convict, in the case as " legally flawed" . 
The government on Friday told the Supreme Court that the problems being faced by people will be over in " 10- 15 days" . The government is " not sitting around doing nothing" as no violence or unrest has been reported in the last month, an official claimed. The apex court was hearing a plea seeking rationale behind the demonetisation move. 
Income Tax officials have allegedly discovered 44 fake bank accounts in raids conducted on an Axis Bank' s branch in Chandni Chowk, New Delhi. The fake accounts were created using forged documents and demonetised currency worth ? 100 crore was deposited in them since PM Narendra Modi' s demonetisation announcement. This is the fourth instance of fraudulent activity involving Axis Bank. 
The Supreme Court on Friday exempted people with physical disabilities from its recent ruling of making it mandatory for everyone to stand during the National Anthem to be played compulsorily before film screenings in theatres. The apex court further clarified that the doors of the cinema halls will be closed, but not bolted when the National Anthem is played. 
Liquor baron Vijay Mallya, whose Twitter account was hacked earlier on Friday, owns at least 21 luxury cars, the hackers claimed in a list tweeted through Mallya' s account. The list includes cars from brands including BMW, Ferrari, Jaguar, Mercedes, Porsche, Rolls- Royce and others. Besides the list, various email addresses of Mallya with their passwords were also made public. 
A legal action against FIFA has been filed by the Netherlands Trade Union Confederation over its alleged involvement in the maltreatment of workers at Qatar World Cup 2022 construction sites. The lawsuit has been lodged in a Swiss court on behalf of Bangladeshi migrant worker Nadim Alam. Notably, FIFA has denied responsibility for living and working conditions on the sites. 
Smartphone maker Micromax has said its consumer sales have seen a 25- 30% hit in past weeks due to twin impact of demonetisation and seasonal slowdown post Diwali. " Actually, we guys have got hit far more on the online front because of cash on delivery, " Micromax said. The company expects the situation to get better over the next year, Micromax added. 
A coach of the Delhi Metro reportedly caught fire at Patel Nagar station on Thursday, triggering panic among the passengers on the Blue Line. According to reports, smoke was emanating from the AC vent on top of a compartment, leading to the disruption of metro services for at least 15- 20 minutes. However, no casualties were reported. 
BJP MLA Radharani Panda has alleged that a woman was asked to remove her black petticoat before entering the venue of Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik' s public meeting on November 25. Reportedly, policemen had asked women attending the meeting to remove black stoles, scarves, and shawls. Panda also alleged that a 5- year- old child died due to suffocation at the CM' s meeting. 
President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday slammed the politicians for disrupting the Winter Session of the Parliament, saying, " For God' s sake, do your job. You are meant to transact business in Parliament. " Terming the practice of repeated adjournment ' totally unacceptable' , Mukherjee added that people send their representatives to Parliament to work for the country and not to agitate. 
A lawyer acting for the woman who made rape allegations against WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange has accused him of " violating" her client in the media. This comes after Assange released a public statement giving details of his relationship with the rape accuser. Assange said he released the statement because he wanted people to know " how abusive" the process has been. 
All railway passengers who buy tickets online will get free accident insurance cover worth ? 10 lakh, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced on Thursday. Digital payments for railways- run facilities like catering and retiring rooms will get a 5% discount, he added. He also announced a 0. 5% discount on digital payments for monthly seasonal tickets in suburban railway networks starting next year. 
Germany' s Constitutional Court on Wednesday ruled that ultra- conservative Muslim girls must take part in mixed swimming classes at school after a student argued it breached Islamic dress codes. The court said there were " no binding rules in Islam" to define appropriate clothing. This comes while Germany has been trying to assimilate over 10 lakh migrants, mostly Muslims, into its society. 
Pope Francis has slammed media organisations that focus on scandals and promote fake news and said people who consume such content are " coprophagic" , or faeces- eaters. He added that spreading disinformation is " probably the greatest damage that the media can do" . Earlier, US President Barack Obama had slammed online misinformation as a threat to democratic institutions. 
A man reportedly severed two legs of a two- month- old puppy after the dog gave him a minor scratch in south- west Delhi' s Dwarka. The police have initiated action against the accused under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act. The dog scratched the accused' s leg with a paw which made him angry, an official said. 
US President- elect Donald Trump, who won TIME Person of the Year, had slammed the magazine in 2013 saying, " The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will. . . soon be dead. " After winning the award this year, Trump, however, said it is a " great honour" which means a " lot to him" . 
Virender Sehwag sang Kishore Kumar' s songs while scoring a career- best 219 against West Indies in an ODI in 2011, Suresh Raina, who was at the non- striker' s end had revealed after the match. Sehwag' s 219, the then- highest individual ODI score, included 25 boundaries and seven sixes. Sehwag is the only player to score a double century as captain in ODIs. 
Air quality in Delhi is expected to worsen over the next couple of days, according to forecasts. Pollution levels in various parts of the capital reached " severe" proportions as the monitoring station at Lodhi Road recorded a maximum Air Quality Index ( AQI) of 500. System of Air Quality Weather Forecasting and Research ( SAFAR) has advised people to avoid outdoor activities. 
In an effort to unearth money laundering, the Enforcement Directorate ( ED) on Wednesday checked records of over 50 bank branches, with a special eye on Jan Dhan, student, and dormant accounts. The ED said the action was taken in wake of allegations that certain bank officials are involved in the conversion of black money into white in lieu of commission. 
Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia on Tuesday said the Delhi government- run schools can appoint retired teachers without getting prior approval from the education department in case of shortage of teachers. The policy would allow principals to hire teachers for a three- month period and would ensure that children do not suffer due to lack of teachers, the minister added. 
Kolkata- based bakery ' Krazy for Chocolates' has introduced dark chocolate replicas of the old ? 500 and ? 1000 notes. The bakery said, " The base is chocolate and the layout of the notes is painted with edible sugar paint. " People have asked if the chocolates, which cost ? 100 each, are edible, and ordered them for their parties and events, the bakery added. 
The 2016 Rio Olympics may not have been perfect but organisers exceeded expectations given the political and economic situation in Brazil, the International Olympic Committee said. Rio was the first ever South American city to host the Olympics. " Someone called them ( Rio 2016) the most perfect imperfect Games, " an IOC spokesman said, and added that it was a good characterisation. 
Human Resource Development ( HRD) Minister Prakash Javadekar has said that 98% of the children have started going to school after the implementation of Right to Education. Claiming that Prime Minister Narendra Modi- led government is focusing on the issue of brain drain, Javadekar added that all efforts are being made to check the same. 
KFC New Zealand has launched limited- edition candles that smell like KFC fried chicken. The fast food chain also launched a competition on social media, offering its winner a fried chicken- scented candle. Meanwhile, earlier this year, KFC launched an edible nail polish in two variants, namely ' Original' and ' Hot & Spicy, ' in Hong Kong. 
Delhi Development Authority is set to launch a housing scheme under which it would offer around 13, 000 flats in the capital city. Scheduled to be launched by January 26, the scheme would provide flats under different categories in various colonies including Sarita Vihar and Pitampura. Reportedly, buyers will get nearly a month to complete all formalities and submit applications. 
Director Neeraj Ghaywan, whose debut film ' Masaan' won him the National Film Award for Best First Film of a Director, has said that women are doing much better than men in Bollywood. " They are experimenting more with their roles, " added Neeraj. He further said that he would like to work with Deepika Padukone as he loved her performance in ' Piku' . 
The Ministry of External Affairs has rubbished a report about the killing of Indian soldiers in Sikkim, published by the Pakistan media. Ministry spokesperson Gopal Baglay said that the report is ? utterly baseless, malicious, and mischievous? . A Pakistani media organisation had reported that at least 158 Indian soldiers were killed on Monday after China fired along the Indian border. 
A man posing as a coach has been arrested after allegedly raping a minor national- level kabaddi player in Delhi. The girl met the man at a stadium where he identified himself as the administrator and coach. She approached the police on Monday after which the case was registered. The girl claimed she was unconscious when the incident happened. 
Golfer Tiger Woods has dropped outside of the top 1, 000 ranks for the first time in his professional career, ranking 1, 005 in the latest World Golf Rankings. Woods, who was world number one for a record 683 weeks, last held the top rank in May 2014. The 41- year- old is suffering from back problems, playing only one tournament this year. 
Citing the escalated standoff at Doklam, Chinese media on Tuesday stated that if India stirs up conflicts at Line of Actual Control ( LAC) , it should be ready to face consequences of " all- out confrontation" . The media asserted that India is concerned with China' s rapid economic growth and blamed the former for provoking border conflicts as means of sounding out China. 
To monitor drivers who do not stop buses at designated stops, the Delhi government has decided to install CCTV cameras at various bus stops. Transport officials said that skipping bus stops is a common practice among drivers of the government- run buses. It not only creates congestion on roads, but also poses difficulty for senior citizens and differently abled among others. 
According to World Bank' s latest edition of Global Economic Prospects, India has ranked fourth among world' s fastest growing economies. India is expected to grow at 7. 2% in the current fiscal and domestic demand is expected to remain strong, supported by policy reforms, reports added. India has been placed behind smaller economies of Estonia, Uzbekistan, and Nepal in growth rate. 
A group of men were arrested after allegedly threatening and trying to barge into cricketer Mohammed Shami' s Kolkata residence on Saturday. The incident happened after Shami' s car, being driven by his driver, almost collided with a motorbike parked near the pacer' s house, leading to an argument. The men later manhandled Shami' s gatekeeper, after which the player' s wife filed an FIR. 
The Noida administration has proposed that Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) collect tax from commercial vehicles at the Delhi- Noida- Delhi ( DND) Flyway toll plaza in order to reduce traffic congestion. Currently, the MCD uses a makeshift booth 500 metres beyond the toll plaza to collect the tax. The plaza was shut after the toll was discontinued by the Allahabad High Court. 
A case has been registered against Congress leader Rohit Tilak, the great grandson of Bal Gangadhar Tilak, for allegedly raping a woman and forcing her into ' unnatural sex' . According to the complainant, Tilak repeatedly raped her on " pretext of marrying her" . Various charges including rape, unnatural offences, and voluntarily causing hurt have been slapped against him. 
Students and university teachers on Monday protested in Mumbai over delays in declaration of results by University of Mumbai ( MU) . The university failed to declare results within 45 days of examination, as required by law, due to MU' s new on- screen marking process that led to the delay. Protestors claimed this may hinder job and higher education opportunities for the students. 
Sheetal Mhatre, a Shiv Sena corporator in Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) , has proposed that organisations grant leave to female employees on the first day of their menstrual cycle. The proposal is likely to be discussed in BMC' s general body meeting next month. " While we are equal to men, we must respect the fact that we are physically different, " Mhatre said. 
Mumbai' s Royal Opera House will host a full opera performance this month, its first since the venue closed down in 1993. II Matrimonio Segreto, or The Secret Marriage, is an 18th century opera and will be performed by an all- Indian cast. The recently- restored opera house is owned by the former royal family of Gondal and was reopened in 2016. 
Singer Sunidhi Chauhan, while talking about reality shows that feature kids, said she would never want her children to go through these shows. She added, " They do not need to mature ahead of their age. " Sunidhi, who won a singing reality show when she was 13, believes that children are " exposed to so much, so soon" in reality shows these days. 
Actress Esha Deol took to Instagram to share a picture with husband Bharat Takhtani from her pregnancy photo shoot in Santorini, Greece. Esha can be seen in a white maxi dress with a Bardot neckline and a floral tiara. " I' d suggest that every parents- to- be get a maternity shoot done to smile over with their child in later years, " said Esha. 
Addressing e- rickshaw drivers at an event to announce subsidies, CM Arvind Kejriwal has said that there is a need to reduce the number of diesel and petrol cars and buses to check pollution in Delhi. He announced the government will provide subsidies of ? 15, 000 and ? 30, 000 to 6, 000 applicants to promote e- rickshaw use for shorter distances and last mile connectivity. 
A family in Mumbai has planted around 5, 500 saplings in Aarey Milk Colony over the last 17 years. The initiative was started by Vinay Athalye, in 2000. Over the years he planted about 3, 500 saplings, which have now turned into a dense forest with 75 varieties of trees. After his death, his family has been continuing the initiative. 
The Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Limited indefinitely suspended a senior engineer for allegedly posting an obscene picture on an office WhatsApp group. Reportedly, Maharashtra Energy Minister Chandrashekhar Bawankule was also a member of the group titled ' Energy minister live' . " We were under pressure to act after the incident went viral on social media, " officials said. 
Haryana' s power distribution companies have announced that they are working towards providing 24x7 power supply to rural areas in Gurugram from August 15. The urban areas in Gurugram are already getting uninterrupted power supply, they added. Earlier, the Haryana government had said it aims to make Gurugram and Ambala districts power- cut free from August 15. 
A 27- year- old man was arrested in Bhandup by the Mumbai Police on Saturday after he stabbed his neighbour whose parents opposed their marriage. The man reportedly barged into the woman' s house, stabbed her in the stomach, and then stabbed himself. The man was admitted to a government hospital and then arrested after he was discharged. 
Four stations on the Delhi Metro' s upcoming Magenta line will feature artwork based on the features of their neighbourhood, reports said. While the Kalkaji station will feature artwork linked to Lotus and ISKCON temples, the IIT and Jamia stations will have artwork based on education and struggle of students. A mountain and peacock theme was chosen for the airport station. 
Science and English were added to the competency tests for classes 6 to 8 in schools across Maharashtra. The subjects were added after a report revealed that only 62. 5% class 5 students could read English and 20. 3% knew division. The tests, which were launched in 2015, are aimed at assessing basic skills of students from classes 1 to 8. 
About 85, 000 registered traders are still to migrate to the GST regime, according to Delhi trade and tax department officials. Reportedly, some traders have not been able to migrate due to ' mismatch' in their Permanent Account Number ( PAN) . Around 3. 3 lakh traders have migrated to GST till last week, the officials added. 
Over 80, 000 children under the age of 5 in the Rakhine State of Myanmar are " wasting" and will need treatment for acute malnutrition, the UN has warned. Wasting is the condition of rapid weight loss which impairs the immune system. The food situation in the state worsened after a military crackdown that forced over 75, 000 Muslim Rohingya to flee. 
More than 3 lakh people, around a third of them civilians, have been killed in the Syrian conflict since it started six years ago, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The monitor said it has documented the deaths of 3, 31, 765 people since March 2011. Further, the conflict has displaced more than half of Syria' s population. 
Mumbai Police is seeking Twitter' s help to retrieve the now- deleted picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which comedy group AIB had earlier tweeted. As per a senior police officer, Twitter will need to verify if such a post was actually uploaded or not. The police has already registered an FIR against AIB over the picture. 
South Korea has proposed military talks with North Korea to ease tensions over the latter' s nuclear and ballistic missile programme, for the first time under President Moon Jae- in. The offer by Jae- in, who has vowed to achieve peace with North Korea, comes after the reclusive state claimed to have test- fired its first intercontinental ballistic missile. 
Donald Trump' s six- month approval rating stands at 36% , the lowest among all US Presidents in the last 70 years, according to a national poll published on Sunday. The poll found that 48% of US citizens believe that the country' s leadership in the world is weaker than before the billionaire took office. However, Trump called the poll result " not bad" . 
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday offered self- rule to the country' s Muslim minority in an attempt to defeat militants loyal to Islamic State who have besieged the city of Marawi for nearly two months. The government and Muslim insurgent groups have agreed that giving the mainly Catholic nation' s Islamic minority self- rule is crucial for ending the lure of violent extremism. 
Infosys Co- founder Narayana Murthy has said he regrets quitting as the IT giant' s Chairman in 2014, adding, he should have listened to other co- founders and stayed. " I am a very emotional person. A lot of my decisions are based on idealism and probably, I should have listened to them, " he stated. Murthy recently criticised the current management over corporate governance issues. 
Reacting to Karan Johar, Saif Ali Khan and Varun Dhawan chanting " nepotism rocks" at IIFA Awards 2017, a user tweeted, " I' d like to see the likes of Karan Johar, Saif & Varun Dhawan try their Nepotism humour when Kangana is in their presence. " Meanwhile, another user wrote, " Don' t get me wrong. . but all I see in iifa awards is nepotism. " 
Wenjing Zhang, member of Aamir Khan' s fan club in China has said that the ' Dhaakad' video made by them was a gift for the actor. " We chose the song Dhaakad, because Aamir has sung it, and he is really cool in the movie, too, " added Zhang. She further said that the Chinese were moved by the family ties depicted in Dangal. 
The Centre has told the Supreme Court that it is taking the help of US- based National Centre for Missing and Exploited Children ( NCMEC) to curb child porn in India. The private body acts as a resource centre for information about missing and exploited children and is reportedly trying to establish a secure communication link with the CBI for sharing details. 
Naresh Kumar, the main accused in the Junaid lynching case, was sent to judicial custody by a court. This comes after Kumar was in police custody for five days during which police tried to recover key evidence in the case. All six accused in the lynching are already in jail and will be produced before the court on July 25. 
A 27- year- old Irfan was arrested by Delhi Police from his hometown in Bihar' s Pupri district for involvement in 12 burglary cases. He allegedly stole expensive and luxury items from homes in southeast Delhi and organised health camps for the poor in his native village. Irfan had reportedly come to Delhi four years ago in search of a job. 
The BJP- led NDA on Monday announced Union Information and Broadcasting Minister M Venkaiah Naidu as its candidate for the upcoming Vice Presidential elections. Naidu will contest against the Congress- led Opposition' s candidate Gopalkrishna Gandhi, who is Mahatma Gandhi' s grandson. The voting is scheduled for August 5 and the current Vice President Hamid Ansari' s term will end on August 10. 
CBFC chief Pahlaj Nihalani has slammed the IIFA Awards for not nominating Aamir Khan for ' Dangal' and Akshay Kumar for ' Airlift' or ' Rustom' . " They haven' t. . . nominated [ them] just because they would not attend their weekend holiday plans masquerading as an awards function, " he added. Nihalani further said the award function lost its relevance when? Amitabh Bachchan opted out of it in 2011. 
The Maharashtra government filed an affidavit in the Bombay High Court on Monday, justifying Sanjay Dutt' s early release from? Yerwada Jail after he was convicted for his role in the 1993 blasts case. The affidavit stated that Dutt displayed " good behaviour, and discipline while in jail" . It also said that he " performed all allotted work in accordance with prescribed standards" . 
Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is the only President of India who was elected to the highest office without a contest ever since the country won independence. While 37 candidates had filed their nominations for the 1977 Presidential elections, the Returning Officer rejected 36 after scrutiny and the only valid nomination was that of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy. 
Commemorating 75 years of a mass roundup of French Jews outside Paris, French President Emmanuel Macron denounced his country' s collaboration in the Holocaust atrocity. Adding that " not a single German" was directly involved in the roundup, Macron said, " it was indeed France that organised this" . Notably, tens of thousands of Jews were killed in the atrocity. 
Pakistani actor Adnan Siddiqui has said people of India and Pakistan love and respect art for what it is, while adding, " They do not see passports when they purchase a ticket, they see a film. " He also said that he believes both nations can find peace in art because they share history, values and customs. Adnan played Sridevi' s husband in ' Mom' . 
A suspected Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) operative named Salim Mukim Khan, who hails from Uttar Pradesh and was absconding from the past nine years, was arrested from Mumbai Airport. The operation to arrest Khan, who is wanted since 2008, was carried out jointly by the Uttar Pradesh ATS and Maharashtra ATS. Khan is currently being interrogated in Mumbai. 
Om Prakash, the father of former cricketer Joginder Sharma who bowled the 2007 World T20- winning over against Pakistan, was robbed by two unknown miscreants at his shop in Rohtak on Saturday. The miscreants attacked Om with a knife, locked him inside and took all the cash from his shop. The police is searching the CCTV footage to trace the culprits. 
South Africa on Monday defeated England by 340 runs in the second Test, producing their fourth biggest win in terms of runs in Test cricket history. With the win, South Africa levelled the four- match Test series 1- 1. The Test marked only the third time in last 35 years that England' s both innings lasted for less than 100 overs in a home Test. 
No flower bouquets should be presented to Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his tours within India, according to new guidelines issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Earlier, PM Modi had asked people to gift him useful things like books and khadi handkerchiefs rather than flower bouquets which are put in the dustbin after few days. 
Sitaram Panchal, known for films like Jolly LLB 2 and Paan Singh Tomar, has sought financial help on Facebook as he is suffering from cancer. He has been bed- ridden for the past ten months. " Initially, he used to work and we could make ends meet. But now, he does not even have the strength to stand up, " said Panchal' s wife. 
Hollywood actor Mark Ruffalo, known for playing the Marvel Comics superhero the Hulk, has said there are no chances of another standalone Hulk movie. Mark added, " Universal has the rights, and for some reason, they do not know how to play well with Marvel. And, they do not want to make money. " 
Shah Rukh Khan, while talking about Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' s ( DDLJ) final scene, said, " In real life, I would stop the train, or say let us meet at the next station. " The scene shows Kajol running towards SRK, who is on a moving train. He added, " I would never do it in real life, putting my hand out, beating her would- be- husband. " 
Actress Saiyami Kher took to Twitter to share a picture with tennis player Roger Federer. " Moral of the story. When you really want something, you get it! I met Federer and watched him win! ! " she wrote in the photo' s caption. Notably, Federer won his record 8th Wimbledon men' s singles title on Sunday. 
Comedian Sudesh Lehri gave examples of Dangal and Sultan, while speaking about comparisons between Krushna Abhishek' s show ' The Drama Company' and ' The Kapil Sharma Show' . " People assumed. . . Dangal and Sultan would be the same as they revolve around wrestling but the content was so different. " Sudesh, who will feature in The Drama Company, added that comparison between the two shows is inevitable. n
The two women, reported to have drowned in a Punjab canal while taking a selfie, have allegedly fled to Mumbai with unidentified persons. The women had visited the canal with another sister of theirs who returned home after a few hours, claiming that the duo has drowned. However, she later revealed that they fled to Mumbai for a " lavish life" . 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said GST ( Goods and Services Tax) means ' growing stronger together' . GST shows that good can be achieved when all parties come together and work for the nation, he further said. " Just as rain brings typical fragrance from the earth, GST' s successful launch would give new enthusiasm to the Monsoon Session, " he added. 
Afghanistan' s A team is set to replace the Australia A side in a tri- series in South Africa, which shall also feature India' s A team. The replacement has come after the Australian team pulled out due to the ongoing pay dispute between the players and Cricket Australia. Notably, the Afghanistan team was granted Test status last month. 
Maharashtra government has announced that it will provide security to filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar. This comes after Congress workers in Pune recently disrupted the promotions of Madhur' s upcoming film ' Indu Sarkar' , which is based on the 1975 Emergency. The filmmaker had tweeted that he and his team were " stranded like hostages" in the room after Congress workers " barged in" the hotel. 
Deputy Inspector General ( DIG) of Prisons D Roopa, who had said that AIADMK leader VK Sasikala paid a bribe of ? 2 crore to get special treatment in jail, has been transferred to the Bengaluru Traffic Police. The Karnataka government has also transferred Director General of Prisons HN Satyanarayana Rao, a senior prison official accused of accepting the bribe. 
The OnePlus 5 smartphone has emerged as the ' bestseller' in India during the Amazon Prime Day sale. Amazon Prime members were offered the ? 32, 999 OnePlus 5 smartphone at an additional cashback of ? 2, 000. The smartphone is powered by the most powerful processor, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 and comes with upto 8GB RAM along with the proprietary ' Dash Charge' technology of OnePlus. 
Karan Johar, Saif Ali Khan and Varun Dhawan have said that they are in the industry because of their parents and went on to chant " nepotism rocks" at IIFA Awards 2017. They also sang the song ' Bole chudiyaan bole kangana' , following which Karan said, " It' s better if Kangana ( Ranaut) does not speak. " Notably, Kangana did not attend the awards show. 
Actress Jodie Whittaker will portray the Doctor in the thirteenth season of the BBC television series Doctor Who. This will be the first time the role will be played by a woman in 54 years of the show' s history. Whittaker said it was " completely overwhelming" to play the role and she wanted fans to not be " scared" by her gender. 
Oscar- winning Hollywood actor Martin Landau passed away aged 89 on Monday in California. Landau won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1995 for the film ' Ed Wood' . He is known for his role in the television series ' Mission: Impossible' for which he received numerous Emmy nominations and a Golden Globe award. 
The Shri Amarnath Shrine Board ( SASB) has announced ? 3 lakh for the kin of the 17 pilgrims killed after their bus fell into a gorge. It further announced a compensation of ? 1 lakh for those injured. The bus carrying the pilgrims skidded off and fell into a gorge after its front tyre burst, according to initial reports. 
The Central Pollution Control Board is planning to develop a city- specific ' driving cycle' and location- specific air quality management in Delhi. Notably, driving cycles estimate how much pollution a vehicle is emitting and its fuel consumption. The plan will be pursued with the money which manufacturers and dealers deposited with the Board over the last one year as Environment Protection Charge. 
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation is planning to install 100 mobile toilet vans at slum clusters under its jurisdiction to tackle open defecation. An official explained that densely populated areas, especially those near railway lines, have limited space, hence mobile toilet vans need to be placed there. The civic agency has allocated an amount of ? 12 crore for the project. 
Human rights activist Shabnam Hashmi alleged that a Delhi cop threatened to kill her in an encounter when she called him to inquire about a case. The cop allegedly also claimed that an initiative to ' surround and kill' had been launched against those without Aadhaar card or other identity proof. The police is investigating the phone recordings submitted by Hashmi. 
Chinese internet censors have reportedly blacklisted Winnie the Pooh on Chinese social networks WeChat and Weibo. China previously cracked down on Winnie the Pooh when citizens compared the physical appearance of President Xi Jinping to the fictional bear' s appearance. A Weibo user wrote, " Poor Little Winnie. What did this adorable honey- loving bear ever do to provoke anyone? " 
Star Wars franchise creator George Lucas asked autograph seekers to get a job instead of selling his autographs for money. " You know why I have money and you don' t? Instead of spending time doing autographs, I spend my time making movies, " he added. " I started out just like you. I had nothing when I started, " he further said. nnn
An Army jawan, Naik Muddasar Ahmed, and an 8- year- old girl were today killed in Poonch sector of Jammu and Kashmir in the latest firing by Pakistan along the Line of Control ( LoC) . According to the police, another woman was also injured during the mortar shelling in Panjgraian village on the LoC and has been shifted to Rajouri hospital for treatment. 
Landlocked Manipur was cut off from the rest of India after Barak bridge, also known as the second lifeline of the border state, collapsed on Monday morning. A transport department official said that the bridge collapsed when a 10- wheeler goods- laden truck was passing through it. The collapse has left around 200 goods- laden trucks en route to Imphal stranded. 
Stray dogs on Sunday dragged an infant' s body from a mortuary of an Indore' s government hospital and mauled it in the hospital premises. On witnessing the incident, a visitor rescued the body from the dogs and informed the police. The police said the infant' s body was kept carelessly in the mortuary and they have registered a case against the hospital. 
Indian tennis player Sania Mirza' s former women' s doubles partner Switzerland' s Martina Hingis won the Wimbledon mixed doubles title alongside Andy Murray' s brother Jamie Murray on Sunday. The British- Swiss duo defeated defending champions Heather Watson and Henri Kontinen. This was Murray' s fourth Grand Slam title, while Hingis registered her 23rd Grand Slam title triumph. 
Voting to choose the 14th President of India began at the Parliament and State Legislative Assemblies at 10 am on Monday. A total of 4, 120 MLAs and 776 MPs cast their vote to choose between NDA' s Ram Nath Kovind and Opposition' s Meira Kumar. Votes will only be valid if cast using special violet ink pens provided by the Election Commission. 
The Election Commission ( EC) barred voters from carrying their personal pens inside the voting chambers while casting their vote in the Presidential Election on Monday. All voters were given special serial- numbered pens with violet ink before entering the polling station, and their personal pens were collected. MPs had green- coloured ballot papers and MLAs pink- coloured ones. 
Actress Gwendoline Christie, known for her role as Brienne of Tarth in the HBO series Game of Thrones, has said that unlike other shows, GoT puts women at the forefront. Gwendoline added that the series explores female characters in an unconventional way, as " people in their own right" , and not simply as mothers, sisters, girlfriends or wives. 
Parents of admission- seekers to dental and medical institutes in Maharashtra are planning to file a petition in the Supreme Court challenging the new relaxed domicile eligibility rules for admissions. Earlier, candidates were required to have cleared both class 10th and 12th from the state to be eligible for state quota seats. Now, the requirement for class 10th has been dropped. 
A Delhi court sentenced a man to ten years in jail for sexually assaulting a 14- year- old mentally weak boy in 2014. The boy had disclosed that the accused had sexually abused him several times a week. The court held that though the boy was mentally weak at the time of crime, his statement could be taken as trustworthy. 
Shiv Sena members in the Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport committee opposed the proposal of buying 100 new mini buses from Force Motors. They suggested the committee to buy these buses from Tata Motors Limited. The members reportedly also claimed that the mini buses will not serve any purpose because their capacity was low compared to regular buses. 
An economic valuation of tiger reserves in India has claimed that saving one tiger yields a capital benefit of about ? 260 crore. The economic benefits from six tiger reserves analysed were found to be at ? 1. 5 lakh crore per year. India, which houses 60% of the world? s tigers, has spent around ? 1, 200 crore in last 35 years of tiger conservation. 
Jammu Police have said that a tyre burst led to the Amarnath bus accident on Sunday that killed at least 17 people and injured 29. The deceased belonged to UP, Bihar, Rajasthan, Assam, Haryana, and Madhya Pradesh. Recently, Shri Amarnath Shrine Board announced a compensation of ? 3 lakh to the kin of Amarnath pilgrims killed in the accident. 
An Air India Express flight with 185 passengers onboard veered off the runway at Mangaluru Airport on Sunday during touchdown due to " unfavourable winds, " an official said. All passengers and crew members were unhurt, while no " noticeable damage" to the aircraft was found. " An alert pilot immediately corrected the path and the aircraft landed safely, " the official added. 
A student from Delhi University' s SRCC has slapped and physically assaulted his professor over being awarded low marks in the internals. The student also reportedly kicked the professor' s car in front of the college principal RP Rustagi. The professor has left for Haryana following the incident after filing an FIR against the student. 
A government doctor in Washim district of Maharashtra was allegedly beaten up by a 26- year- old nurse over pending salary. Having not received her salary for two months, the nurse had requested the doctor to look into the matter. She then beat him up on Thursday in a fit of anger with footwear first and then slapped him, police said. 
The Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) is planning to conduct the class 10 and class 12 Board exams on the same dates, in different shifts. According to the plan, class 12 exams will be held in the morning and class 10 in the afternoon. This would reduce duration of exams and give teachers extra time for checking the papers. 
Uniworld Garden, a building complex in Gurugram, has banned the use of plastic bags on its premises in order to help protect the environment. Residents welcomed the move saying it will motivate others to shun plastic bags. A notice at the complex warned that selling and keeping plastic is punishable with five years in jail or ? 1 lakh fine. 
The Barhra High School in West Bengal' s Arjjunshuli village has adopted a segregation policy after receiving complaints of boys harassing the girls. Boys in Classes 11 and 12 attend school on alternate days starting Monday, while girls attend classes alternately starting Tuesday. District education officials said they were not aware of the decision and called it " illegal" . 
A woman in the US state of Indiana who called off her $ 30, 000 wedding threw a party for the homeless at an event centre she had booked for the reception. Not revealing why she called off the wedding, the woman said, " I started feeling really sick about just throwing away all the food I ordered for the reception. " 
A group of Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) volunteers have started a campaign to get anti- corruption activist Anjali Damania back in the party. Damania had exposed corruption cases including the ? 1, 000- crore irrigation scam and the Maharashtra Sadan scam which led to the arrest of NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal. She has not yet taken a decision regarding rejoining AAP. 
Nearly 30, 000 students from 51 Delhi schools participated in New Delhi Municipal Council' s ( NDMC) green drive and planted saplings on their school premises and surrounding areas. Asserting that a green drive cannot be successful unless it is a people' s movement, NDMC Chairman Naresh Kumar said, " The idea is to systematically engage each and every stakeholder. " 
A baby girl was delivered by two male police officers in a PCR van after a woman went into labour at Old Delhi Railway Station recently. " While taking her to the hospital, her water broke and we had to get the baby delivered in the van itself, " Inspector said. The mother and daughter were declared in good health. 
BJP President Amit Shah has expressed displeasure over the state of affairs in the BJP' s Delhi unit at a meeting with the unit' s office- bearers. He reportedly asked them to spend more time meeting common people rather than just the top leaders. He also addressed the issues of lack of coordination between office- bearers and subordinates, and favouritism in the party. 
The Supreme Court has said it will examine whether IIT Kanpur can withhold the result of a student expelled in 2016 for sexually harassing a female student. The man had filed a plea for his result to be declared, saying he was not given a copy of the complaint. He also said he was not allowed to defend himself before the expulsion. 
The Union Health Ministry has said that it has become difficult to diagnose tuberculosis after the ban on liquor was imposed in Bihar. Seeking an exemption for procuring and using alcohol for diagnostic purposes, Union Health Ministry officials said there was a scarcity of ethyl alcohol used in tests to diagnose the disease. 
Indrani Mukerjea and a few other jail inmates have been accused of using children living with their mothers in Mumbai' s Byculla jail as human shields during a recent protest against jail authorities. The Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( MSCPCR) has initiated a probe and will reportedly submit its findings to the Maharashtra government within 15 days. 
The Maharashtra government has more than doubled the monthly pay of elected representatives to municipal bodies in the state, after considering inflation. The monthly honorarium given to the corporators will now be based on the category of the civic body for the first time. For Mumbai, the honorarium of a corporator has been hiked from ? 10, 000 to ? 25, 000. 
Veteran actor Shakti Kapoor has said luck is a stronger factor than talent to become an actor. Talking about his days at Pune' s Film and Television Institute of India ( FTII) , Shakti said only he and Naseeruddin Shah could make it in films. Shakti added he thought that out of eleven boys at FTII with him, ten were better than him. 
The Modak Sagar Lake which supplies 440 million litres of water to Mumbai daily overflowed on Saturday, taking total water stock to 8, 99, 388 million litres, after heavy rains across Maharashtra. The current stock from seven lakes supplying water to Mumbai is 2, 15, 551 million litres more than stock available around the same time last year. 
A 37- year- old man on Friday allegedly strangled his wife to death over suspicion of an extra- marital affair after the two had an argument in Delhi' s Kotla Mubarakpur. The man believed his wife had an affair when he had gone to Saudi Arabia recently, police officials said. He also kept a watch on her and even checked her phone, they added. 
The Republican Party of India has announced an agitation demanding a loan waiver of ? 636 crore for people of Scheduled Castes and Tribes starting July 25. The loans had been granted by state- run corporations for self- employment and other purposes. Like farmers, even people from socially backward classes are not in a position to pay, party leader Ramdas Athawale said. 
Mercedes' British Formula One racer Lewis Hamilton equalled Jim Clark and Alain Prost' s record of five British Grand Prix titles after winning the race on Sunday. Hamilton, who beat teammate Valtteri Bottas and Ferrari' s Kimi Raikkonen, registered his fourth straight British GP win. With the win, Hamilton has cut Sebastian Vettel' s lead in the drivers' championship table to one point. 
Indian squash player Harinder Pal Sandhu won his second title in two weeks after winning the Victorian Open by beating top- seed Rex Hedrick of Australia 12- 14, 11- 3, 11- 4, 11- 7 in a 77- minute final in Melbourne on Sunday. The 28- year- old, who was seeded third in the tournament, had won the South Australian Open last week. 
A Mumbai man was arrested on Saturday for allegedly murdering his wife after getting into an argument with her for going to work against his wishes. Police officials said the man hacked her to death with a sickle. He hid in the jungles of Dhulia after the incident and was caught by the police before he could enter Madhya Pradesh. 
AIADMK faction leader O Panneerselvam on Sunday offered ? 10, 000 to anyone asking and getting a reply from Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K Palaniswami on ordering a judicial probe into the death of late CM J Jayalalithaa. He further added that his party' s " dharma yudh" would continue till the " mysterious knots" in Jayalalithaa' s death were not removed. 
Two 1. 5- foot- tall idols of Gaura and Nitai worth around ? 1. 5 lakh were stolen from ISKCON temple in Greater Noida. A donation box that contained about ? 25, 000 was also missing. " The thieves apparently used screwdrivers to remove screws of window grill and gain entry into the temple, " said a police official. 
An allegedly drunk man on Friday strangled a street dog to death by standing on its neck and mouth for about an hour in Noida' s Sector 45. " He was adamant to kill the animal, as it barked at him, " an eyewitness who shot video of the incident said. Animals rights groups said they will lodge a complaint against the man. 
Around 70 Tamil Nadu farmers demanding a loan waiver and drought- relief package near Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s residence were detained on Sunday. The farmers reportedly decided to resume protests after Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami failed to meet their demands in April. The farmers' demands include a drought relief package of ? 40, 000 crore. 
Mumbai Police on Saturday seized ten trucks and an excavator machine for allegedly dumping debris at a 400- acre wetland area in Andheri. Twelve people have been detained for the alleged environment violation and were fined ? 60, 000, police officials said. The dumping of debris has reportedly destroyed a two- acre patch at the wetland. 
The Shiv Sena promised its vote to NDA' s Presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind after he addressed MPs and legislators from the BJP and its allies, at his recent campaign stop in Mumbai. Kovind reportedly called Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray to thank him for his party' s support. Notably, Maharashtra is the 25th state that Kovind has visited during his Presidential campaign. 
The Karnataka government has imposed prohibitory orders starting Sunday in Karnataka' s Mangaluru till July 30 after recent incidents of communal violence. All acts of public utterance such as singing songs, playing music, and others which may affect public order would be banned. Communal tension in the region escalated after a RSS worker was stabbed by unidentified assailants on July 4. 
An Anti- Terrorism Court in Pakistan has ordered the seizure of properties belonging to Pakistan Tehreek- e- Insaf Chairman and Opposition leader Imran Khan for failing to appear in hearings of terrorism cases registered against him. Earlier, the court had issued perpetual warrants of arrest against Khan over violence in a case related to an attack on a senior police officer in 2014. 
The UN on Friday said that over 8 lakh people out of nearly 10 lakh who fled Iraq' s Mosul after the offensive against Islamic State began, still remain displaced. UN officials in Iraq said the new displacement figures underscored " the enormous crisis" in the area. Notably, Mosul was recaptured from ISIS earlier this month by US- backed Iraqi government forces. 
Swiss tennis star Roger Federer won a record 8th Wimbledon men' s singles title on Sunday, while also becoming the oldest male player to win The Championships in Open Era. The world number five defeated Croatia' s Marin Cilic 6- 3, 6- 1, 6- 4, to lift a record 19th Grand Slam title. Notably, Federer won the title without losing a set throughout the tournament. 
Filmmaker Christopher Nolan has revealed that he watched the Oscar- winning film ' La La Land' thrice. He added, " I think I almost went back to see if it was as good as I had thought, and it was. " Notably, the Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling starrer ' La La Land' won six Oscar Awards and received a record fourteen Oscar nominations. 
Actor Anupam Kher is set to produce a web series based on the India- Pakistan War of 1971. " We have a Canadian and an Indian writer working on the script. I am producing it, " he said. Kher added he is not sure if he will be acting in the series or not as it depends on the demand of the script. 
Actress Vidya Balan has said that if her film fails at the box- office, she never questions herself but instead she talks about it, cries, gets over it and moves on. Vidya added, " It' s heartbreaking when a film does not work after you have put in so much in it. . . But I feel that all actors go through hits and flops. " 
Nearly forty prisoners who were suspected of helping AIADMK chief Sasikala in Bengaluru Central Jail have been transferred to Bellary Jail. This comes after DIG Prisons D Roopa alleged that Sasikala paid ? 2 crore bribe to Bengaluru jail officials in return for special treatment inside the jail. Currently, Sasikala is serving a four- year sentence in a disproportionate assets case. 
J& K Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti on Saturday blamed external forces for creating unrest in the state and said, " There is infiltration, militants are coming from outside. . . Unfortunately, even China has started interfering. " Mufti' s comments came after her meeting with Home Minister Rajnath Singh after the terror attack in which eight Amarnath pilgrims were killed. 
Pakistan has asked social media giant Facebook to link opening of accounts on the social network with mobile numbers in an attempt to overcome the issue of fake accounts. Pakistan' s Ministry of Information Technology said that fake accounts were often used to spread hate material on the platform. Notably, Facebook has over 3 crore users in the country. 
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Saturday came face to face with his namesake as he met the baby of Syrian refugees who was named in his honour. The two- month- old Justin Trudeau Adam Bilan was seen sleeping as the Prime Minister held him. The boy' s parents named him as a gesture of thanks to the country that offered them refuge. 
JPMorgan Chase, the biggest US bank, made $ 26. 5 billion over the past 12 months, a record profit for any US bank. It reported a profit of $ 7. 03 billion for the second quarter, 13% higher than last year. However, its stock fell 0. 9% on Friday, the most since May, while the S& P 500 index climbed to a record. 
Madhur Bhandarkar, while tagging Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi' s Twitter handle, asked if he can have his freedom of expression. Bhandarkar' s tweet came after promotions for his upcoming film ' Indu Sarkar' were disrupted by Congress workers in Pune. The filmmaker had tweeted that he and his team were " stranded like hostages" in the room after Congress workers " barged in" the hotel. 
President Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday gave his assent to Maharashtra government' s ' Prohibition of Social Boycott Bill' , making Maharashtra the first Indian state to enact an anti- social boycott Bill. It aims to prevent atrocities carried out by extra- judicial courts and panchayats and, will include religious rituals, inter- caste marriage, dress or vocation as reasons for social boycott. 
UK doctors have found 27 contact lenses stuck together in a 67- year- old woman' s eye while they were preparing her for a cataract surgery. The " blueish mass" was causing her discomfort that she attributed to dry eye and old age, doctors said. The patient said she had been wearing disposable contact lenses for 35 years but did not attend regular appointments. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday said the GST is a very simple tax and several misunderstandings are being spread about the new regime. " Those who follow the law will not be called to the office for assessment, ? Jaitley said. However, he said that those who try to be ? over clever? and try to ? circumvent the law? will face consequences. 
Actor Vivek Oberoi has said that if his phone still rings to inform about work for him in films, he feels successful. Speaking about his films which did not perform well at the box- office, he said, " If I start spending time analysing my choices, I will not be able to live my life. " Vivek added that success or failure is very relative. 
Kareena Kapoor, while talking about her step- daughter Sara Ali Khan' s Bollywood debut, said that she is sure Sara is going to rock the industry with her beauty and talent. Kareena added, " I am sure she is going to be supremely talented. She has it in her genes, she is looking gorgeous. " Sara will make her debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in Kedarnath. 
A Muslim woman was allegedly raped and set on fire by her ex- husband on Wednesday morning in Noida, three days after she was given triple talaq. The victim was married to the man since 2008 and had two children with him. The police have registered a case against the woman' s husband and her in- laws. 
Two people were injured after some residents in Ghaziabad opened fire at Panchayat members who were trying to settle a ' rape case' . Police said the accused had entered the house of a 20- year- old woman and allegedly raped her. Later, some Panchayat members suggested that woman' s family should vacate the rented house, following which the landlord took offence and opened fire. 
The Noida authority has decided to repaint road markings in an attempt to streamline and regulate traffic movement on city roads. This comes after its traffic cell found that 80% of road markings either get washed away or fade out on their own. The project involves marking of zebra crossings, left- right turns and stop lines for vehicles among others. 
Former Australian fast bowler Jason Gillespie has said that he " seriously considered" applying for the Indian cricket team' s coaching job, which was eventually given to Ravi Shastri. " I talked a lot about that with my family. . . In the end, I just felt I was not quite ready for that opportunity, " added the 42- year- old, who is now Papua New Guinea' s interim coach. 
Former BCCI President Anurag Thakur, who was removed from his post in January 2017 by the Supreme Court, has said that he will always be available for the board if Indian cricket requires him. Thakur, who was removed on perjury and contempt of court charges, recently tendered an unconditional apology, after which the Supreme Court dropped charges against him. 
The military- run Thailand government is planning to issue digital ID cards to Buddhist monks, listing their backgrounds to enable scrutiny by authorities. The move is " to prevent fake monks using religion, or suspected wrong- doers from hiding their illegal acts behind orange robes, " officials said. This comes amid a series of scandals ranging from sex and drugs to murders involving monks. 
Disney has announced the cast of its upcoming live- action remake of the 1992 film ' Aladdin' . While actor Mena Massoud will be seen playing the lead role of Aladdin, actress Naomi Scott has been finalised to play Princess Jasmine, Aladdin' s love interest. Meanwhile, actor Will Smith will be seen portraying Genie in the film. 
A sinkhole swallowed two houses and a boat in Florida, United States. Police said they were called after someone noticed a depression had formed under a boat parked outside a house, and " the hole opened up" within minutes. The residents had left for work, and firefighters managed to rescue two dogs and retrieve some belongings. nn
Indian boxer Vijender Singh' s next opponent China' s Zulpikar Maimaitiali has said that he is training for over 10 hours a day for the upcoming fight against the Indian. Maimaitiali, the WBO Oriental super middleweight champion, is aiming to hand Vijender the first defeat of his professional boxing career. The fight is scheduled to be held in Mumbai on August 5. 
A total of 16 Bills have been listed for introduction in the Parliament' s Monsoon Session, which will start tomorrow, and go on till August 11. Out of these bills, nine have been passed by the Lok Sabha, and await the Rajya Sabha' s approval. The Bills include Whistle Blowers Protection ( Amendment) Bill, 2015, and Indian Institutes of Management Bill, 2017. 
Bengali actor Prosenjit Chatterjee has said that the recently implemented Goods and Services Tax ( GST) has affected not only the Bengali film industry but the entire film industry. He added, " We in the Bengali film industry cannot do anything alone against GST overnight. So I think we have to find a way out collectively. " 
US rapper ScHoolboy Q posted a tweet against United Airlines after it accidentally flew the rapper' s dog ' Yeeerndamean' to the wrong city. ScHoolboy Q said United mistakenly switched his dog with another. The rapper said, " My little dog been moving around since the AM, prolly has pee and number 2 all in his cage smh, " adding, " I plan on suing. " 
A man has been arrested for allegedly using forged letters of External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj for helicopter tickets to the Mata Vaishno Devi cave shrine, said Jammu police on Saturday. The police said, " the accused acquired these tickets through the quota based on forged letters of the office of Sushma Swaraj" . He sold the tickets in the black market. 
The Delhi Police has arrested a man working as a front- office manager in a Paharganj hotel for allegedly threatening to blow up the Red Fort. The hotel worker, Mehroop, allegedly made the threat while on a call with a man residing in Rohini. The man later dialled 100 and informed the police of the conversation between the two. 
An Amarnath pilgrim, who was part of the convoy attacked by terrorists last week, succumbed to her injuries on Sunday, taking the death toll to eight. The 47- year- old woman, Lalita, was on the bus on which terrorists opened fire while it was returning from Amarnath. The government has announced a compensation of ? 7 lakh for those killed in the attack. 
Congress MP Shashi Tharoor and TMC MP Derek O' Brien posted their pictures with the Snapchat dog filter amid the recent controversy around comedy group AIB. " It' s the weekend. Time for a little bit of fun, " wrote O' Brien, while Tharoor captioned his image " Attn all trolls: I took the # DogFilter challenge! " AIB was slammed for using the filter on Modi' s image. 
Team India coach Ravi Shastri will reportedly receive an annual compensation of ? 7 crore, less than the ? 9 crore that was demanded by former coach Anil Kumble. A four- member panel appointed by the Committee of Administrators will however decide the final pay. Kumble had reportedly asked for an amount at par with Grade A players, which BCCI considered " too high" . 
Stanford researchers have found an abundance of marine life at Bikini Atoll island, which was declared a nuclear wasteland after the US tested 23 bombs between 1946- 1958, including one 1, 100 times larger than the Hiroshima atom bomb. The team discovered a diverse ecosystem thriving in the crater with corals and fish, and crabs devouring radioactive coconuts on the shore. 
PM Narendra Modi' s lookalike and Kerala resident, MP Ramachandran has said that he will shave off his beard to not look like Modi. " People are misusing my picture. This has been happening for a while, " he said, after comedy group AIB posted his picture alongside Modi' s to create a meme. He also said he often gets selfie requests from strangers. 
Former Sri Lankan spinner Muttiah Muralitharan, who has the highest number of wickets in international cricket, has praised Indian spinner Ravichandran Ashwin and called him a smart cricketer. Muralitharan further said that he is looking forward to watching Ashwin in action during the Indian cricket team' s upcoming tour to Sri Lanka. 
Doctors at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) in Delhi will reportedly assess whether it is possible to perform surgery to separate a pair of two- year- old twins joined at the head. The condition afflicts one in 30 lakh children, of which 50 per cent die either at birth or within 24 hours, one of the doctors said. 
The Bombay High Court on Friday criticised the Maharashtra government for the ' pitiable' and ' ridiculous' condition of its residential schools in tribal areas. Nearly 800 children have died over the last ten years in these schools due to negligence. The state was directed to provide students basic facilities such as clean drinking water, mattresses, healthcare, and toilets. 
The reply to an RTI query by a Gurugram resident has revealed that private hospitals in the city are misusing their basement area by converting it into labs and offices. The resident alleged that since the basement, which is approved in building plans as parking space is being used commercially, the roads leading to the hospitals are packed with vehicles. 
A Delhi judge noted the difference in punishment for killing cows and people, while sentencing a man for causing death by rash driving. ? The sentence for killing cow is five, seven, or 14 years in different states, but the sentence for causing the death of a human being through rash or negligent driving is only two years, ? he said. 
Supreme Court- appointed BCCI' s Committee of Administrators has said Zaheer Khan and Rahul Dravid' s appointment as overseas consultants for Team India has not been ratified and they are only the Cricket Advisory Committee' s " recommendations" . This comes after BCCI confirmed them as overseas consultants on " tour- to- tour" basis and Sourav Ganguly said Zaheer would be contracted for 150 days a year
Talking about his preference for winning matches over world rankings, Indian football team captain Sunil Chhetri said he does not take FIFA national team rankings too seriously. India achieved their second- best rank ever of 96 earlier this month. " If after three years we are still in the top 100, I think that will be a massive achievement, " Chhetri added. 
Virgin Group founder Richard Branson on Friday said he had a feeling United States President Donald Trump was regretting the " bizarre mistake" of pulling America out of the Paris climate deal. Terming Trump' s withdrawal " very, very strange, " Branson pointed to his head and said, " Who knows what goes in there" . He added, " Hopefully there is a positive change of mind. " 
The Benina International Airport reopened on Saturday, three years after it was forced to close during the ongoing Libyan Civil War. Located near Benghazi, its first outward- bound flights were to the capital Tripoli and Amman, Jordan. Notably, the fights had escalated in Benghazi in 2014 when forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar launched a military campaign against Islamists and other opponents. 
China on Saturday said there is " no room" for negotiations to resolve the military face- off and the only solution is the withdrawal of Indian troops from the Doka La region. Adding that the situation could get " worse" , China' s state- run Xinhua News Agency said that India will face " embarrassment" if it does not withdraw its border troops to its own side. 
Matunga suburban railway station in Mumbai has become the first station in India to be run by an all- women staff. A total of 30 women staffers, including eleven booking clerks, five Railway Protection Force ( RPF) personnel and seven ticket checkers are working under station manager Mamta Kulkarni, who was the first female station master in Central Railway' s Mumbai division. 
Pakistan on Saturday accused India of targeting the China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) project through subversive activities. Pakistan further said that it is aware of " enemy designs" and is taking effective counter measures. Notably, India which has repeatedly dismissed all such allegations has raised sovereignty concerns over the project as it passes through Pakistan- occupied Kashmir. 
Union Minister MJ Akbar on Saturday said that the government is working towards setting up a passport centre every 50 kilometres in the country. He further said that the project which began one or one and a half year back has picked up speed. " You will see exponential growth in coming days, ? he added. 
The US House of Representatives has voted for three legislative amendments to impose tougher conditions for reimbursement of defence funding to Pakistan. The amendments make it conditional for Pakistan to show satisfactory progress in its fight against terrorism. " The Congress has taken a step forward to end Pakistan' s betrayal of the US, " the House representatives said. 
Colleges affiliated to the University of Delhi on Friday released their first list for admissions under the Extra Curricular Activities ( ECA) quota. Colleges reserve upto 5% seats for students who show excellence in activities like dance, music and theatre among others. Approximately 1, 100 students made it to the merit list this year for 12 ECA categories recognised by the University. nn
Two men allegedly slit a rickshaw- puller' s throat in Delhi following a dispute about the fare of the ride. According to reports, the men were drunk and insisted on paying ? 15 instead of ? 20. The rickshaw- puller survived the attack and the two accused were reportedly caught soon after the incident. 
A man in Faridabad was forced to carry the dead body of his granddaughter on his shoulder after allegedly being denied an ambulance by a government hospital. The family of the deceased has also claimed that the doctors did not give her adequate attention, due to which she lost her life. 
A Delhi court on Saturday sentenced 30- year- old Utsav Bhasin to two? years in prison in the 2008 BMW hit- and- run case, in which one person was killed and another suffered a leg injury. The court also directed him to pay a compensation of ? 10 lakh to the family of the deceased and ? 2 lakh for the injured victim. 
A senior official of Border Guards Bangladesh ( BGB) has claimed that cattle smuggled from India is harming Bangladesh' s economy and formally requested BSF to stop it. The official added, " If it [ cattle] does not come from India, then our dairy farmers can go up and we can take care of ourselves. " This issue was raised during the BSF- BGB Border Coordination Conference. 
A town in Colorado, US in 2013 passed an ordinance requiring every household to own a gun. Members of the Nucla Town Board voted 5- 1 in favour of the ordinance, which was inspired by the Family Protection Ordinance passed by the town of Kennesaw, Georgia in 1982. The ordinance provides for the emergency management and general safety of the residents. 
Three British Sikhs have been jailed for a total of 19 years for helping 69 illegal Afghan immigrants enter into the UK by misusing passports in an estimated £ 620, 000- scam. Once the immigrants got into the UK, the gang recycled the passports, passing them on to others trying to enter the UK illegally. 
Turkey has arrested non- governmental organisation Amnesty International' s local Director Idil Eser and local Chairman Taner Kiliç along with 22 lawyers over links to last year' s failed coup to topple President Recep Erdo? an. Turkey also sacked nearly 7, 400 officials in its latest round of purges against those allegedly involved in the failed coup attempt on the eve of its first anniversary. 
Spain' s Garbine Muguruza became only the second Spanish women' s player in the history of tennis to win the Wimbledon singles title. Muguruza defeated five- time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams 7- 5, 6- 0 to lift her second Grand Slam on Saturday. Muguruza had defeated 23- time Grand Slam champion, Serena Williams, to lift her maiden Grand Slam at the French Open in 2016. 
Unidentified dead bodies are spotted floating almost daily in the Tigris river near the recently ISIS- liberated Iraqi city of Mosul, according to reports. The bodies are the evidence of extrajudicial executions of ISIS militants by the Iraqi security forces, non- governmental organisation Human Rights Watch has alleged. Soldiers have shifted the corpses to a morgue at the city' s general hospital. 
Colombia is producing more cocaine than ever before, according to new figures revealed by the UN Office on Drugs and Crime. The country produced an estimated 866 tonnes of cocaine in 2016 as compared to 649 tonnes in 2015. Coca crops, the raw material used for cocaine, covered 146, 000 hectares in 2016, up 52% from 96, 000 in 2015. 
Actor Pankaj Tripathi has said that people come and tell him that they loved his films and then ask him his name. " Naam mein kya hai? People can forget your name, but if you excel at what you do, at least someone will remember you, " added Pankaj. He is known for his films like ' Gangs of Wasseypur' , ' Fukrey' , among others. nn
Actress Kirti Kulhari, who stars in upcoming film ' Indu Sarkar' , has said that the Censor Board needs to grow up and let the audiences grow. Significantly, Censor Board demanded 14 cuts in Indu Sarkar, a film set in the backdrop of 1975 Emergency. " If we do what they have asked for, then the whole essence of the film goes, " added Kirti. 
The farmers in Khardi village in Thane will get a compensation of ? 2. 43 crore per acre from the Maharashtra government, for their land acquired for the Mumbai- Nagpur super communication highway project. The compensation for non- agriculture land is higher, in some cases as high as ? 12. 60 crore to ? 18. 11 crore for an acre of such land in Khardi and Kasara villages. 
Train services on the Konkan Railway route were held up for more than two hours on Friday due to a mud slide caused by heavy rain. The mud slide happened between the Kanakavali and Oros stations and affected the plying schedule of four trains. The track is likely to be open for traffic soon, officials said. 
A man, his wife and her two friends in Odisha' s Khedapoda village were thrashed and molested by a mob armed with sticks and knives for stopping them from beating cattle. As per reports, the man also took videos and clicked pictures of the distressed animals and called the police control room and senior officials. However, they reportedly did not arrive. 
The 13- year- old Delhi girl who was raped after being abducted in May and was rescued by the police recently, has expressed willingness to return to her ' husband' , claiming that the ' rapist' had married her. The police said they are clueless about their future course of action because the pregnant minor girl has refused to return to her parents. 
The Mumbai railways is planning to introduce a software which will help commuters book tickets through Unstructured Supplementary Service Data ( USSD) codes. The software will make use of SMS services, which will allow commuters without smart phones to book tickets. Kiosks to aid the service are being installed across 10 railway stations as part of the project' s pilot stage. 
Two Delhi Police constables were shot at while trying to stop an ATM theft by five men in Delhi' s Pandav Nagar on Friday. After spotting the policemen, the three men outside alerted two of their aides inside the ATM and opened fire to scare the constables away, but no bullets hit them. The men managed to escape, but without money. 
An increasing number of sectarian attacks in India might help drive support to terror group al- Qaeda, a top US expert, Katherine Zimmerman, has warned. Adding that al- Qaeda re- consolidated in North Africa after the rise of ISIS, Zimmerman said that the militant group remains embedded in the insurgencies and is looking to reassert itself in the Indian subcontinent through Punjab. 
The Uttar Pradesh Government on Friday directed the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority ( YEIDA) to ' immediately' change land use of 3, 000 acres of land in 17 villages in Jewar area of Noida, for the upcoming International Airport project. The land, which currently falls in agriculture zone will have to be marked as meant for ' airport' , in YEIDA' s Master Plan 2021. 
Maharashtra' s school education department on Friday passed a resolution to start the Maharashtra Institute of Open Schooling which will have an easier syllabus and flexible exams for those who cannot attend regular school. Senior citizens, women, workers and differently abled students can avail education through this programme, which will help increase literacy and reduce drop- out rates. n
Indian women' s cricket team captain Mithali Raj registered the joint- highest 50+ scores in women' s ODIs, going past the mark for the 55th time in the ICC Women' s World Cup match against New Zealand on Saturday. Mithali now shares the record with England' s Charlotte Edwards, whom she surpassed to become the highest run- getter in women' s ODIs earlier. 
The Tamil Nadu government has announced the State Film awards for six consecutive years from 2009- 2014. In the Best Picture category, films Pasanga ( 2009) , Myna ( 2010) , Vaagai Sooda Vaa ( 2011) , Vazhakku En 18/ 9 ( 2012) , Ramanujan ( 2013) and Kutram Kadithal ( 2014) received the top honours. The awards were last announced in the year 2008. 
Security forces in Jammu and Kashmir have killed 102 terrorists till July 12 this year, making it the highest number of killings in the January- July period in seven years. Earlier in 2010, the highest number of 156 militants were killed between January and July, while 77 terrorists were killed during this period in 2016. 
The Angamaly judicial magistrate court on Saturday turned down actor Dileep' s bail plea in the Malayalam actress abduction case. The court remanded him to judicial custody till July 25. The actor' s counsel had claimed that he has been falsely implicated in the case and the investigation team was " busy fabricating evidence against him" . 
After an explosive substance was found inside the Uttar Pradesh Assembly on Wednesday, another suspicious packet of powder was recovered inside the Assembly premises on Friday evening. The sealed packet discovered by security personnel during a check contained some powder weighing about 50 grams and has been handed over to the city police for further examination. 
The RSS has started a family counselling programme issuing guidelines on public and private conduct, wherein it visits people' s homes and advices them to be vegetarians and wear Indian attire. The RSS further asks families to avoid discussing politics and cricket during family time. Reportedly, the RSS also asked people about their favourite TV channels/ shows and how they celebrate birthdays. 
Ajinkya Rahane, who did not play a single Champions Trophy match, has said he had no ego issues carrying drinks for the team. " If I am the vice- captain in Tests, it does not mean I will not be performing my duties as a 12th man in ODIs. When you are representing your country, you are supposed to do whatever you are assigned, " said Rahane. 
Four- time Grand Slam champion Kim Clijsters made a male fan wear a skirt and play tennis alongside her during a Wimbledon invitational women' s doubles match. Clijsters had asked the audience the kind of service they would like to see, to which the male fan responded with, " Body serve. " Clijsters offered him a skirt and called him up to play alongside her. 
A 40- year- old woman was arrested by the Anti Narcotics Cell ( ANC) of Mumbai Police on Thursday for selling eighteen packets of ganja near a college in Mumbai' s Churchgate Station. " We are cracking down on peddlers operating near educational institutions as part of our campaign against drugs, " said the ANC chief. n
Four men died after inhaling toxic gases while cleaning a septic tank in Delhi on Saturday. The police received information that the five men cleaning the tank had not come out for a long time, following which fire department was called that pulled out all the men in unconscious state. One man who survived in the incident is undergoing treatment. 
Water supply to Ghaziabad and Noida will be temporarily disrupted because of silt deposit in the Upper Ganga Canal, caused by heavy rains in Uttarakhand. An official from Ghaziabad' s water treatment plant said, " The issues of low supply and disruption will persist for some days. The water supply to the plant is low and it will decrease further by Friday. " 
An analysis by the Gurugram Police revealed that speeding, driving in the wrong lane, and pedestrians suddenly crossing the road are the three major causes of road accidents in Gurugram. Around 70 of the 199 accidents analysed were caused due to speeding. The data also revealed that 572 accidents with 213 casualties have happened so far this year. 
A coaching centre in Jammu and Kashmir' s Srinagar has put pictures of a boy killed in a Pakistani school terrorist attack and of a Pakistani- Canadian comedian in a newspaper ad about its successful candidates. While some trolled the coaching centre on social media, several others raised concerns on whether such coaching centres show fake students in their successful candidates' list. 
A stuntman named John Bernecker passed away after sustaining injuries on the sets of American television series ' The Walking Dead' . He reportedly fell 20 feet onto concrete while on set. Production for the series has been temporarily shut down following the incident. Bernecker had also worked in films like ' The Fate of the Furious' and ' Logan' . 
An 82- foot- long blue whale skeleton has replaced a dinosaur skeleton at London' s Natural History Museum, 112 years after the latter was unveiled there. The dinosaur replica, named ' Dippy' , was cast from original fossil bones discovered in 1898. The replacement aims to raise awareness for blue whales which have gone down from 2. 5 lakh in the 1800s to 20, 000, officials said. 
Alia Bhatt' s mother Soni Razdan has said Alia does not need her guidance to choose films. " [ S] he' s quite a sorted individual who follows a strong instinct. . . As her mother, I am always there, but Alia knows what she wants both professionally and personally, " she added. Soni further said she was impressed by Alia' s performances in Udta Punjab, Highway and Dear Zindagi. 
Reacting to music composer AR Rahman being slammed by fans for singing Tamil songs during his Wembley concert on July 8, actress Priyanka Chopra said, " It' s rude. " While some fans slammed Rahman, others also defended him on Twitter. nReports suggest that Rahman performed 12 Tamil songs and 16 songs in Hindi during the concert. 
Speaking about his character Jon Snow in the HBO television series Game of Thrones, actor Kit Harington said, " He' s a bit of a psychopath, weirdly. He looks for violence. " He added, " I think happiness is a very strange term to associate with Jon. He has a very odd sense of what ' happy' is. " 
The Western Railway will introduce 7 new Mumbai local train services in October for commuters travelling between Andheri and Borivali. Two trains will reportedly ply during the morning peak hours and two during the evening. The line between Andheri and Borivali was earlier used for only mail express trains, railway officials said. 
Two militants have reportedly been killed today in an ongoing encounter with security forces in terror outfit Hizbul Mujahideen' s slain commander Burhan Wani' s hometown Tral in South Kashmir' s Pulwama district. However, Inspector General of Police Muneer Khan said, " Till the time we do not recover bodies and weapons, we cannot confirm it. " 
Following Chennai Super Kings' return to IPL after a two- year ban, MS Dhoni posted a photograph of him wearing a CSK jersey, with the Tamil word ' Thala' , which translates to ' Leader' , written on it. The club also posted the photograph on Twitter, with the caption that read, " Lions, start the whistles. . . Guess who is back! # whistlepodu # CSKReturns" . 
The Prime Minister' s Office has denied information on various expenses incurred on foreign trips by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his predecessor Manmohan Singh. A PMO official said that the RTI was denied on grounds of being " too vague and wide" . Reportedly, the RTI petitioner had sought copies of all files and letters exchanged between the PMO and different offices. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday praised his US counterpart Donald Trump' s ability to listen, saying, " He ( Trump) reacts to the interlocutor, he is involved in the discussion even if he does not like something and asks some questions. " Putin who believes he had already established a personal relationship with Trump, also hoped for further dialogue with the US President. 
National Commission for Women ( NCW) chairperson Lalitha Kumaramangalam has demanded an apology from actor Kamal Haasan for publicly naming the victim in the Malayalam actress abduction case. Kumaramangalam said the actor' s statement revealed the ? patriarchal mindset" among " VIPs, big guys. . . whether they are in politics or not in politics" . " It also shows lack of humility in him, " she added. 
The Bombay High Court granted a compensation of ? 2 lakh to a 63- year- old murder convict as he was illegally detained in jail for three years and nine months beyond his sentence. A bench of justices directed the government to pay him within 45 days, failing which it would have to shell out interest at the rate of 12% a year. 
A rare 60- kg sperm whale on Thursday washed ashore at Rajodi beach near Mumbai. The fishermen said that the seven- and- a- half- foot- long mammal looked injured and died during rescue operation. " This species of whale has not washed ashore along the state' s coastline for more than a decade, " said a member of the Konkan Cetacean Research Team. 
Gurugram police on Wednesday arrested a policeman and a jail convict for allegedly getting a gangster to make a threatening phone call on June 27 from Bhondsi jail. A police official said that the inmate sought help of the gangster to threaten his rival over a property dispute and a policeman was involved in making this happen. 
A stray dog on Thursday mauled three junior class students outside a Ghaziabad school when they were heading towards their transport vehicles. Members of the People for Animals said they had picked up the stray dog and suspect it was suffering from rabies. Residents claimed to have often taken up the issue with the municipal corporation, but the menace continues. 
To control fraudulence in issuing of birth and death certificates, the East Delhi Municipal Corporation is planning to link them with Aadhaar numbers. The applicants will have to mention the Aadhaar number of parents of new born babies and the Aadhaar number of the deceased/ their heirs in the birth and death certificates. 
Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain said that the government is in the process of constructing three new hospitals, which will increase the number of total government hospital beds by 3, 200 by next year. He added that latest technology including solar panels and natural sewage treatment plants would be used to make the hospitals among the best. 
Filmmaker Kabir Khan, while speaking about the Salman Khan starrer film Tubelight' s performance at the box office, said that he is disappointed. However, he added that it is unfair to pitch every film of his against his 2015 film ' Bajrangi Bhaijaan' , which also starred Salman. Notably, ' Tubelight' became Salman Khan' s lowest Eid opening in four years. 
Boxer Floyd Mayweather called Irish MMA fighter Conor McGregor a " fa* * * t" and accused him of racism on the last leg of their three- country tour in London on Friday. " He totally disrespected black women. He called black people monkeys. Then he spoke disrespectfully to my mother and my daughter. There are certain levels you do not stoop to, " said Mayweather. 
The Finance Ministry has received around 90 applications for the post of RBI Deputy Governor as SS Mundra' s three- year term is coming to end this month. As per reports, several private bankers have also applied for the post as the position was open to private sector. The post will have a fixed salary of ? 2. 25 lakh per month plus allowances. 
Farmers from a village in Maharashtra have lodged a police complaint against the Meteorological Department for giving a wrong seasonal forecast. The farmers accused the department of colluding with seed and pesticide manufacturers and inflating the monsoon forecast figures. They said they spent lakhs of rupees in the sowing process as the IMD forecasted ample rains in this Kharif season. 
An 18- year- old ragpicker Bilal Dar has been appointed as Srinagar' s civic ambassador. The SMC commissioner said Bilal, who earned his living by picking up waste from Wular Lake for almost five years, is an inspiration for everybody. Dar will get a special uniform and vehicle to go and meet people and sensitise them about environmental issues, cleanliness and garbage disposal. 
Former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi' s name has been removed from the Oxford India Centre for Sustainable Development which was named the Indira Gandhi Centre for Sustainable Development at its launch during the tenure of UPA government. The Centre was established by Somerville College in the University of Oxford in 2013 where Indira Gandhi studied Modern History in 1937. 
The Bombay High Court on Thursday cautioned the state government against demands to relax noise pollution rules during the Ganpati festival and Navratri. The state government was told that they cannot go against the High Court judgment which does not allow loudspeakers or other sound amplifiers in a silence zone at any hour of the day. 
Angry over delay in providing 25- million- strong NRI population voting rights, the Supreme Court on Friday directed the Centre to submit a plan within one week that ensures NRIs can cast e- votes from abroad. The bench remarked that the government has been deferring the amendment since 2014, adding, " The US lets you vote from space. . . Here, NRIs are pleading for it. " 
US President Donald Trump on Wednesday said that his proposed wall along the US- Mexico border will need to be transparent so that people on the US side do not get hit by massive sacks of drugs being tossed over it. Trump earlier proposed attaching solar panels, saying the panels would provide cheap energy to pay for the wall. 
Katrina Kaif, when asked about the most naughty or memorable thing she did at the age of 18, said, " I was 18 when I met Salman and that is the most memorable thing. " When Salman was asked the same question, he jokingly replied that he did nothing naughty and has not done anything memorable. They said this at an IIFA event. 
An inter- caste couple in Tamil Nadu' s Erode district sought police protection after marrying against the wishes of the woman' s parents. The couple feared they would be killed if they went back to their hometown since they belong to different castes. The Kongu belt, from where the couple hails, is reportedly infamous for incidents of honour killing. 
Bihar' s Janata Dal ( United) party demanded the resignation of Deputy Chief Minister and Lalu Yadav' s son Tejashwi Yadav if his family does not reveal the source of funds used for acquiring allegedly illegal properties. The spat between ' Grand Alliance' members, JD( U) and Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) , began after raids on the Yadavs' properties, in connection with a land scam. 
Thirty- five- year- old Roger Federer has become the oldest men' s singles Wimbledon finalist since 1974, after defeating Czech tennis player Tomas Berdych 7- 6, 7- 6, 6- 4 in the semi- final on Friday. Federer, who has not dropped a single set in Wimbledon 2017, has reached his career' s 11th Wimbledon final. Federer will face first- time Wimbledon finalist Marin Cilic in the final on Sunday. 
Islam' s third holiest site, the al- Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem, will be closed for Friday prayers for the first time in 17 years. This comes after three attackers killed two Israeli police officers near the mosque complex earlier in the day. All the three gunmen were killed and the area was cleared of visitors and closed, police officials said. 
Actress Kriti Sanon has said that she shares great chemistry with actor Sushant Singh Rajput after filming ' Raabta' and a music video together. Sushant and Kriti will be seen performing together at the upcoming IIFA awards. Speaking about her preparations for the performance, Kriti said, " We have rehearsed separately as well as together. " 
The voice actor of Kermit the Frog, Steve Whitmire has claimed he was fired from the Disney show ' The Muppets' after twenty seven years. In an open letter, he wrote, " I' d never consider abandoning Kermit. . . to do so would be to forsake the assignment entrusted to me by Jim Henson. . . mentor. . . my hero. " Whitmire took over as Kermit following Henson' s death in 1990. 
Sridevi has said that there is always pressure on actors to look good, even if they are not facing the camera. She added, " You better look your best, even if you are going through hell inside. " Sridevi further said that if actors post natural pictures of themselves on social media, people leave comments like ' what is she looking like' . 
The police on Thursday booked a man in Mumbai for hurting religious feelings over a comment he made on Facebook against Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray. Reportedly, the man commented abuses on a post praising Thackeray' s stand against terrorism. Earlier, two girls were arrested for expressing displeasure on Facebook over a bandh after Thackeray' s death. 
Uttar Pradesh BJP MLA Brijbhushan Rajput on Wednesday posted a video on Facebook wherein he said, " I will stop Haj yatris from going on their pilgrimage to Mecca if the Muslim community objects to the construction of Ram Mandir in Ayodhya. " He further demanded the abolition of Haj subsidy and minority reservations given to the community by the government. 
A 13- year- old who was abducted on May 6 when she left her home in Delhi to buy ice cream has returned pregnant. The father of the girl claimed that 12- 15 men working as chefs in different restaurants were responsible for the crime. One of the suspects, who brought back the girl, had surrendered at the Saket Court. 
Delhi Police is giving vocational training to over 2400 young adults from economically weaker sections, as a part of project YUVA. " Children and youngsters. . . who are school dropouts and get addicted to drugs are also part of the skill training program, " officials said. The initiative is in collaboration with Confederation of Indian Industry and National Skill Development Corporation. 
The Delhi High Court has stayed the Meghalaya State Commission for Women order summoning Delhi Golf Club Secretary after a Khasi woman was asked to leave the club allegedly because her traditional attire looked like a maid' s. The club argued that the Commission did not have jurisdiction to issue orders on incidents outside the state. 
After nine months of pollution, Delhi' s air quality showed improvement for the first time on Thursday with the overall Air Quality Index ( AQI) reading 77. When the AQI is below 100, air quality is considered ' good' with air pollution posing little or no risk. The decrease in pollution levels could be due to the monsoons. 
The Delhi government is planning to e- auction special registration numbers for motorcycles and scooters, according to reports. The minimum price for ' 0001' number has been set at ? 50, 000 and, bidding for numbers from ' 0002' to ' 0009' will begin from ? 30, 000. Any other registration number an individual would want will cost ? 5, 000, reports added. 
Two teenagers aged 15 and 16 were arrested over a series of five acid attacks that took place in less than 90 minutes in London on Thursday. Calling the incidents " completely barbaric" , police officials said the attacks were carried out by two male suspects on a moped. The attackers stole the moped from one of the victims, police officials added. 
Information technology giant TCS has decided to close its operations in Lucknow after 33 years and shift to Noida. The company will shift most of its projects to Noida by this December. Reports said at least 2, 000 employees could be affected by the change, but the company said it would ensure the employees are accommodated. 
IT major Tata Consultancy Services' ( TCS) decision to shift its Lucknow operations to Noida prompted techies associated with the organisation to create a Twitter account " @ saveTCSplease" . They have also urged CM Yogi Adityanath to save the establishment from closure. An application posted on the account sought Adityanath' s intervention in the company? s decision that could affect 2, 000 employees. 
The Centre on Friday told the Supreme Court it will not be able to secure the extradition of liquor baron Vijay Mallya, who owes over ? 9, 000 crore to banks, before January 2018. The Centre' s response came after SC said it cannot sentence Mallya in a contempt of court case in his absence. Notably, Mallya had fled to UK in March 2016. 
Actress Kalki Koechlin has said that people are obsessed with the selfie culture these days. " This trend of taking selfies is really extreme. . . I wish people would have a chat with me. That would be so much better, " she added. The actress said this while talking about fans approaching her for selfies. 
Actress Richa Chadha has said she does not have the ' aukat' ( stature) to be anyone' s godmother in Bollywood but she will do whatever she can to help newcomers. Richa added, " When I started in the industry, people had helped me; so why not extend that favour to others. I know how it feels when people call you an outsider. It' s disturbing. " 
Actor Dileep' s police custody has been extended till July 15 in the Malayalam actress abduction case. Reports also suggest that his bail plea will be heard tomorrow. Dileep got linked to the Malayalam actress abduction case after his name was mentioned in the letter of a jail inmate, who shared the cell with the prime accused Pulsar Suni. 
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) has issued a notice to NGO Praja Foundation for ' misrepresenting' data in a report stating that a third of the children in BMC schools are malnourished. Officials accused the NGO of not factoring in changes in the screening process for malnourishment. The civic body demanded a public apology and threatened legal action against the NGO. 
The Delhi Police on Friday told a city court that they cannot de- seal the five- star hotel room where Congress leader Shashi Tharoor' s wife Sunanda Pushkar was found dead in 2014. More than three years after the incident, police said they still need time to investigate the case. The hotel claimed a loss of ? 50 lakh because the room remained sealed. 
Cricket Advisory Committee ( CAC) member Sourav Ganguly has said Zaheer Khan will spend 150 days a year with the Indian team as overseas bowling consultant. Zaheer reportedly did not wish to commit for more than 100 days annually, but gave in to the Cricket Advisory Committee' s insistence. Zaheer is expected to accompany the team for the Sri Lanka tour. 
Science fiction film ' War for the Planet of the Apes' which released on Friday, " is the rare blockbuster that arrives once, maybe twice every year" , wrote Hindustan Times. Times of India said, " [ It' s] a thought- provoking and emotionally resonant film that balances action and special effects" , while Mid- Day described it as " brilliantly- scripted" . It was rated 4. 5/ 5 ( HT) , 4/ 5 ( TOI) , 3. 5/ 5 ( Mid- Day) . 
The HBO series Westworld and the comedy show Saturday Night Live have received 22 nominations at this year' s Emmy Awards. Westworld actors Sir Anthony Hopkins and Evan Rachel Wood were nominated for Outstanding lead actor and actress in a drama. Indian- American actor Aziz Ansari has been nominated in the Outstanding lead actor in a comedy category for Master of None. 
Kamal Haasan has been criticised for naming the survivor in the Malayalam actress abduction case. " It does not matter if I have used the name. . . Don' t hide the name as there is nothing wrong with it. . . Don' t refer to her as ' a female' , " he explained. Haasan further said it is not just about the safety of actresses, but of women in general. 
Wikipedia has temporarily banned editing of its Microsoft Calibri font page after it was cited as evidence in a corruption investigation against Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif. Editing of the page was suspended as users tried to change font' s launch from 2007 to 2004. The page usually receives about 500 visits daily, but received 1. 5 lakh visits on July 11- 12 combined. 
Bigg Boss contestant Sushant Divgikr, who won the Mr Gay World India pageant in 2014, is set to debut as a playback singer in a Marathi film titled ' Vitthal' . Sushant, who is known for his ability to sing in masculine and feminine voices, will sing in both voices for the film. ' Vitthal' will be directed by filmmaker Rajiv S Ruia. 
Khandwa collector Abhishek Singh has stayed the demolition order against late actor- singer Kishore Kumar' s ancestral house in Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh. Explaining his decision, Abhishek said, " A lot of sentiments of music lovers and locals are attached with this house. " Khandwa Municipal Corporation issued a notice for the demolition of a dilapidated part of the house that could prove dangerous. 
Former Pakistan Test captain Misbah- ul- Haq has been awarded honorary life membership by the Lord' s based- Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC) . The 43- year- old, who led Pakistan in record 56 Tests, became the 22nd Pakistani cricketer to be awarded the membership. The last Pakistani to receive the honour was Ramiz Raja, who was given the membership in 2015. 
After Mumbai Police filed an FIR against comedy group All India Bakchod ( AIB) for tweeting a meme on PM Narendra Modi, its co- founder Tanmay Bhat shared Modi' s old tweet on humour. The tweet, " We surely need more humour in public life" , was posted by Modi on Twitter on March 17 following the BJP' s landslide victory in the Uttar Pradesh Elections. 
The government told the Supreme Court on Friday that it has asked the CBSE to consider installing jammers in schools to curb access to websites having child pornographic content. The Centre further told the SC that it had blocked around 3, 500 websites hosting child pornography last month. The court has asked the Centre to file status report within two days. 
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi shared a funny video on Twitter to mock the NDA government' s pro- poor policies. In the video, the boy can be seen giving money to the waiter but the girl takes the money back from the waiter, pays the bill herself and puts the boy' s money into her purse instead of giving it back to him. 
Singer Beyoncé topped Billboard' s Top 50 Money Makers of 2016 list with earnings of over ? 400 crore ( $ 62. 1 million) . Rock band Guns N' Roses came in second on the list with earnings of over ? 272 crore while Drake, Adele and Coldplay were among those featured in the list' s top ten. Late singer David Bowie ranked 34th on the list. 
Former World number one and 32- title- winning Tennis player Andy Roddick threw away nearly all of his trophies except the one from his first win at the 2003 US Open, his wife has revealed. " He decided that these do not mean success to me, these do not define me and I do not really care to have these material things" she added. 
Fans slammed composer AR Rahman on Twitter for performing Tamil songs during his Wembley concert in UK on July 8. A user tweeted, " Seems like he has forgotten Hindi music. . . brought him international fame. " Defending Rahman, a user wrote, " Tasting the own medicine. . . this is how we feel when you do Hindi imposition. " Rahman reportedly performed 12 Tamil and 16 Hindi songs. 
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka arrived in a driverless automated golf cart at the company headquarters ahead of a press conference on quarterly results. He posted a photo on Twitter, stating the car was built by Infosys engineering services team at its Mysore centre. Sikka earlier pointed out advances in computer processing speeds, implying growth in the area of Artificial Intelligence. 
The most resilient form of life on Earth, tardigrade, also known as water bear, will survive until the Sun dies, as per an Oxford University research. The eight- legged micro- animal can survive for 30 years without food or water, and endure temperature extremes from - 270ºC to 150ºC. Further, tardigrades can withstand catastrophic events like large asteroid impacts, supernovae, and gamma- ray bursts. 
Actor Salman Khan has said that he loves rewards more than awards. He added that he does not go to award functions to receive awards but to perform. " Even after such bad performances, they ( organisers) are paying me for it. I am more than happy doing it. It' s like I am getting money for standing there, " he jokingly said. 
Actor Salman Khan has said that the only date he remembers is actress Katrina Kaif' s birthday despite being bad at remembering dates. Salman joked, " It' s a national event. In India, July 16 is a holiday, who knows USA might also announce it as a national holiday soon. " He made the comments at an IIFA Awards 2017 event in New York. 
In a Twitter conversation with actor Amitabh Bachchan, Ranveer Singh wrote, " I' m blessed that you even know I exist! " Ranveer wrote this after Amitabh complained about him not replying to his SMS birthday greetings. Ranveer tweeted further, " Except that I TOTALLY replied! I just cross checked it too! You were in fact one of the first to even wish! " 
A West Bengal Class 12 topper' s name has appeared on top for four subjects of Jadavpur University' s merit list without him even applying. The student has notified the varsity' s authorities about the error adding that the marks and birth date mentioned with the name were not his. Authorities said that they would seek help from police' s cyber crime department. 
US- based researchers have developed a hands- free musical instrument that allows people to create music with their thoughts. The team developed the over 50- year- old technology of ' encephalophone' , an instrument that collects specific brain signals through a cap and converts them into musical notes. Researchers hope this new instrument will empower and rehabilitate patients with motor disabilities. 
Actress- filmmaker Pooja Bhatt revealed that her 2003 production ' Jism' earned more money at the box- office as compared to films ' Zakhm' , ' Tamanna' , ' Dushman' and ' Sur' combined. She said, " I' m not interested in making movies that only 10 people will watch and will get critical appreciation at some festival. " Pooja added she is a commercial filmmaker and wants people to watch her films. 
The Raveena Tandon starrer Shab, which released on Friday, " is a dark, haunting film about human emotions, relationships, love and betrayal" , wrote Hindustan Times. NDTV wrote, " Shab is a courageous film. . . stylish, layered, evocative, " while Koimoi wrote, " This is not a family entertainer or a film which everyone would like to watch. " It was rated 3/ 5 ( HT, NDTV) and 1. 5/ 5 ( Koimoi) . 
A man met a woman on a matrimonial website and allegedly stole her gold ring worth ? 1 lakh. They had decided to get married, and met at a Mumbai cafe where the accused said he wanted to buy her a ring. She gave him her own ring for size, following which he left to make a call and never returned. 
Actress Deepika Padukone has been trolled online for being " too skinny" in a new picture from her photoshoot for Vanity Fair magazine. " Do you need some food? ? ? So skinny, " commented a user. Another user wrote, " Looks malnourished" . " Starving sooo much, " read another comment. Deepika has featured on the cover of the August edition of Vanity Fair UK' s jewellery edition. 
The Supreme Court on Friday ordered the CBI to set up special teams to investigate into 62 alleged encounters by the Indian Army and other security forces in Manipur. Asking the agency to respond within two weeks, the SC has overruled objections by the government and the Army, which is accused in 28 of the 62 cases, with this order. 
India has the second highest number of adults planning to migrate to other countries with the US and the UK among the most favoured destinations, according to the UN Migration Agency' s report. The report analysing people' s migration intentions globally for 2010- 2015 noted that 1. 3% of the adult population worldwide were planning to migrate permanently within the next 12 months. 
Boys' doubles top seeds, Hungary' s Zsombor Piros and China' s Wu Yibing, were asked to change their non- white underwear at Wimbledon on Wednesday, because it was not compliant with the all- white dress code. The boys were checked by the umpire during their match and given a pair to change into. On Thursday, another player was checked for wearing a non- white underwear. 
An explosive substance was found inside the Uttar Pradesh Assembly on Wednesday, following which a high- level meeting was called by CM Yogi Adityanath. Around 60 grams of white powder was found, which was later found to contain explosive substance PETN upon checking. Meanwhile, Adityanath has called for an NIA probe into the incident, saying it " could be a terror conspiracy. " 
As many as 80 people have lost their lives, while 17 lakh have been displaced due to the floods in the country' s northeast region. The flood has hit 58 districts in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Manipur. Union Minister Jitendra Singh said that the damage caused by the rains was " unprecedented" , and has suggested to make essential supplies available. 
United States President Donald Trump complimented French President Emmanuel Macron' s 64- year- old wife Brigitte on Thursday, saying, " You know, you are in such good shape. . . Beautiful. " Trump, while gesturing towards Brigitte, made the comment during his first official visit to Paris. Melania and Donald were visiting a museum complex in Paris with Emmanuel and Brigitte when the encounter occurred. 
According to reports, Bollywood actor Siddharth Gupta has been signed to play the lead role in Disney' s upcoming live- action Aladdin remake. Siddharth made his Bollywood debut with 2014 film ' Kuku Mathur Ki Jhand Ho Gayi' . Meanwhile, singer Salma Agha' s daughter Sasha Agha and Tara Sutaria have reportedly been shortlisted for the role of Aladdin' s love interest Jasmine. 
Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman have written to Committee of Administrators head Vinod Rai, asking him to clarify that Rahul Dravid and Zaheer Khan were made consultants after discussion with Ravi Shastri. " There have been suggestions the CAC exceeded its ambit. . . It has pained us to see the light in which the CAC has been portrayed, " wrote Sachin. 
India on Thursday snubbed China' s offer to play a " constructive role" in resolving the Kashmir issue, saying the issue is a bilateral matter with Pakistan and there is no scope of any third- party mediation. The offer from the neighbour has come at a time when the armies of India and China are locked in a standoff in the Sikkim area. 
An 11- year- old Telangana student committed suicide by jumping off the second floor of his school building after failing to cope with parental pressure to study IIT foundation course. The boy' s father said he knew his son was mentally disturbed but never expected him to take this extreme step. Notably, according to NCRB, every hour a student commits suicide in India. 
A mason in Bihar living in a one- room house equipped with just four LED bulbs, a TV, and a ceiling fan was served an electricity bill of ? 13 lakh, which later got revised to ? 2, 992. The power firm deferred the issue for months, before revising the bill and changing faulty metre within six hours as soon as the media intervened. 
Taking a dig at RBI Governor Urjit Patel on his comment that RBI is still counting demonetised notes, Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi tweeted that Government of India is looking for math tutor. Also, Congress' senior party leader P Chidambaram tweeted, " RBI buying note counting machines 8 months after demonetisation! Has RBI not heard of ' leasing' ? " 
Puducherry Lieutenant Governor Kiran Bedi on Thursday pulled up Chennai airport officials for improper maintenance of toilets in the VIP lounge. She found the toilets unclean when she arrived from Delhi. Immediately after that, the officials deployed sanitary workers to clean up the toilet and spray perfume. Bedi told officials that toilets needed to be maintained in a clean manner. 
The 93- year- old Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has reached Singapore for a " routine" medical checkup, prompting opposition figures to question whether he is still medically fit to run the country. However, Mugabe, who has been in power since 1980, has claimed that he is fit and will contest the country' s presidential election next year. 
The government has extended financial powers to the Army Vice- Chief to make emergency purchases to keep the force ready for ' short intense wars' . The Army has identified 46 kinds of ammunition apart from spares for 10 weapons platforms, which can be purchased through the emergency route. Further, there is no limit on expenditure to purchase minimum ammunition for Army' s reserve. 
After being denied visa twice, an all- female robotics team from Afghanistan has been granted a special one- time temporary US visa over humanitarian reasons after President Donald Trump intervened. This allows the team to participate in an international robotics competition. The US embassy in Kabul did not disclose why it rejected the team' s visas earlier. 
Bajrang Dal and Vishva Hindu Parishad ( VHP) members on Wednesday brandished weapons like pistols and swords while protesting against the Amarnath terror attack. " If Centre does not avenge Amarnath terror attack within 15 days, Bajrang Dal will have to take law in their hands to protect pilgrims, " a Bajrang Dal leader said. They also raised anti- Pakistan slogans and burnt effigies. 
Diesel and petrol prices have been reduced by ? 1. 66 and ? 1. 77 per litre respectively in Mumbai after the Central government revoked state specific cess on fuel. Additionally, the price of cooking gas has been reduced by ? 11 per cylinder. " The price reduction would benefit all cities and towns that charged octroi on fuel, " said Federation of All- Maharashtra Petrol Dealers' Association. 
Ola and Uber drivers have sought BJP' s support in scrapping ' strict' clauses from Mumbai' s new City Taxi Scheme, which aims to provide a level- playing field for all types of cabs. Under this scheme, the permit fee for Ola and Uber drivers reportedly ranges from ? 25, 000 to ? 2. 61 lakh, while no such fee is levied on black- and- yellow and Cool Cab drivers. 
Five Delhi traffic policemen have been suspended for allegedly duping truck drivers at Delhi? s border points in the name of the recently implemented Goods and Services Tax ( GST) . The policemen were reportedly extorting money by asking the truck drivers to prove whether GST has been paid on the goods they were carrying, something they were not authorised to do. 
The Centre on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that it may enact a new law to provide jail terms or fines for heads of NGOs which misappropriate government funds or do not file annual statements. Earlier in April, the Supreme Court had asked the Centre to examine enacting such a law, saying that merely blacklisting NGOs is not sufficient. 
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA) is planning to introduce a second underground metro in the city by extending the Wadala Metro 4 route by 8 kilometres, up to General Post Office. " The corridor will be taken underground wherever we cannot make it elevated. A detailed report is expected in September, " MMRDA officials said. 
An off- duty Delhi Police constable was shot at and another was hit with a pistol butt by a man who claimed to be a gangster, in front of a housing colony in Narela on Wednesday night. The incident happened after the two constables who were in their private vehicle asked the accused to move his car, which reportedly angered him. 
A Russian court has handed prison sentences ranging from 11 to 20 years to five Chechen men found guilty of killing President Vladimir Putin' s vocal critic and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov in 2015. The group reportedly was paid $ 250, 000 for the assassination. Lawyers representing Nemtsov' s family claimed that senior figures within Chechnya who are loyal to Putin ordered the killing. 
Market regulator SEBI has directed Goldmine Agro and its directors to refund investors money that it had raised illegally. SEBI also imposed a ban on the firm and its directors from accessing capital markets for four years after the refund. SEBI observed that securities issued by the firm required compulsory listing on recognised stock exchanges, which it failed to do. 
The BCCI has clarified that former India pacer Zaheer Khan has been appointed as a " consultant on overseas tour- to- tour basis" , and not as a full- time bowling coach of the Indian cricket team. The board added that the appointments of Rahul Dravid, who is the overseas batting consultant, and Zaheer were made after discussion with new head coach Ravi Shastri. 
Pro- Gorkhaland protestors on Thursday attacked West Bengal Tourism Minister Gautam Deb' s car as the agitation for a separate state entered its 29th day. Further, several government properties were vandalised in Darjeeling and the Minister claimed that the Centre was encouraging such incidents. However, the protestors denied involvement in cases of vandalism and demanded a CBI probe. 
A man from US state of Texas was trapped inside an ATM and slipped notes to customers via the receipt slot pleading to help him escape. The man reportedly left his cellphone in his truck and got stuck while he was changing a lock to a bank room that led to the ATM. He was later freed by the police. 
Akshay Kumar took to Twitter to share a fan' s rap video on his upcoming film ' Toilet- Ek Prem Katha' and praised him for the video. The fan, named Abhishek Bhatt, wrote that he has made the video to " thank Mr Khiladi for always inspiring us" . The film' s plot is aligned with the principles of PM Narendra Modi' s Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan. 
Referring to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar as a " genuine leader" , historian Ramachandra Guha has called for making Kumar the president of the Congress party. ? For the Congress is a party without a leader and Nitish is a leader without a party, ? Guha said. " If Congress gives him a chance to lead the UPA, it might have a future, " he added. 
Former WWE wrestler and current COO Triple H has invited Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor to WWE, saying there are " plenty of microphones at Monday night Raw" . At their first face- off, McGregor wore a suit with " f* * k you" stripes and said, " He' s in a fu* * ing tracksuit. . . He cannot even afford a suit anymore. " Mayweather then took out a $ 100 million cheque. 
The fishermen community in Mumbai has objected to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation' s plans of reclaiming 300 acres of the bay area at Cuffe Parade to build a recreational park. The Akhil Maharashtra Machhimar Kriti Samiti has stated that the move is likely to affect the livelihood of 20, 000 fishermen since the area is used to park around 400 boats. 
Former BCCI President Anurag Thakur on Thursday issued an " unconditional" and " unequivocal" apology in the Supreme Court to get relief from contempt proceedings initiated against him. Thakur was removed from his post by SC in January on charges of perjury and contempt of court, for filing a false affidavit regarding writing to the ICC about the implementation of Lodha reforms. 
Former world number one Novak Djokovic is considering a long break from tennis after an elbow injury forced him to retire from his Wimbledon quarter- final match against Tomas Berdych on Wednesday. " Maybe a longer rest is necessary, not only because of the injury but for my mind as well, " the 30- year- old Serbian said. 
Uttar Pradesh' s Municipal Committee of Rampur website was reportedly hacked on Wednesday by a person claiming to be a ' Kashmiri' and displayed messages demanding freedom for Kashmir. ? I am a kashmiri, its my crime. i am a Muslim. kill me and call it COLLATERAL DAMAGE. imprison me and call it SECURITY MEASURES, " a message posted by the hacker read. 
The Indian women' s hockey team reached the quarter- finals of the Hockey World League Semi- Final after defeating the Chilean women' s team 1- 0 on Wednesday. India' s Preeti Dubey scored the only goal of the match. The Indian team will next play Argentina on July 16 in the quarter- finals of the tournament. 
Union Minister Mahesh Sharma on Thursday said, " Today among us, we are fortunate to have another Gandhiji in the form of our Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is like an inspiration. " He added, " He ( PM) started with the promise that the glow of freedom would reach every person in the country. His dream is to fulfil the dreams of Gandhiji. " 
Cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has said he did not know what " rockstar" meant when Shane Warne called him that during their days in Rajasthan Royals in 2008. " I was just thinking: ' I do not sing a song. . . Why is he calling me a Rockstar. . . When I met him first, I did not know he was one of the greatest bowlers in Test cricket, " said Jadeja. 
The Telangana Prohibition and Excise Department has issued notices to Telugu actors and directors asking them to appear before it next week to explain their alleged links to an accused in a drug racket selling high- end narcotics. " Some of the names came out during interrogation of the arrested accused. . . There were also some evidence against a few others, " said an official. 
Pakistan on Thursday said it was considering India' s request for the grant of visa to the mother of Kulbhushan Jadhav for a visit to meet her son, who was sentenced to death for " spying" . This comes days after Union Minister Sushma Swaraj slammed her Pakistani counterpart Sartaj Aziz for " not showing the courtesy to acknowledge" her letter on the matter. 
Filmmaker Kushan Nandy has said that actress Divya Dutta' s role in his upcoming film ' Babumoshai Bandookbaaz' is not based on late Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa. " Our film is fictional. So, the similarities [ between Divya' s character and Jayalalithaa] begin and end with the fact that she plays a female politician, who is a go- getter, " he added. 
Japan' s public broadcaster NHK has apologised over a cartoon with Adolf Hitler' s face that was printed on a T- shirt worn by a talk show guest. The black T- shirt, worn by entrepreneur Takafumi Horie also carried a " No war" message on one side and a peace symbol. Responding to a tweet, Horie said it was meant to be an anti- war message. 
Ranveer Singh chopped off his beard and long moustache on a live video on Instagram. He did this as he had finished shooting for the older version of Alauddin Khilji in the film ' Padmavati' and will be shooting for the character' s younger version. Ranveer also shared a picture of the facial hair he removed and captioned it, " I' ll miss you" . 
Diana Penty, whose debut film Cocktail completed five years on Thursday, shared a picture on Instagram captioned, " First films will always be special. I would not have been here if it was not for Cocktail. " Speaking about her character Meera in Cocktail, Diana added, " The character still remains close to my heart, as I am a lot like her in real life. " 
BJP leaders Smriti Irani and Meenakshi Lekhi have blamed India' s first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and the Gandhi family for the problems in Kashmir and added that " the country knows it" . This comes after Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi blamed Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s policies for creating space for terrorists in the Valley. 
A UK girls' school is banning Fitbit activity trackers and smartwatches over concerns that students are skipping lunch on failing to meet their calorie and exercise targets. " We do not need our girls to be. . . obsessed with steps or calories, " said the school' s head teacher. The school is also putting restrictions on smartphones to tackle social media' s impact on students' mental health. 
An Airbnb host who cancelled a woman' s reservation as she was Asian has been fined ? 3 lakh for racial discrimination and ordered to take a course in Asian- American studies. Homestay startup Airbnb also permanently banned the host after the incident was reported. " I wouldn? t rent it to u if u were the last person on earth, ? the host told her. 
Jamlu, the presiding deity of Malana village, has " ordered" the closure of guest houses and restaurants to protect its culture, a panchayat official said. Malana follows Jamlu' s orders and recently its parliament met to invoke the deity. " Those violating his orders will have to bear the brunt of his curse, " the official said. n
Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani has said that there was no pressure on the Board from the government to remove words like ' cow' , ' Gujarat' from the documentary based on Nobel laureate Amartya Sen. He said that the words were offensive and added, " Referring so insensitively to our politics and religion, could result in a serious breach in. . . . harmony of the country. " 
Former India captain Sourav Ganguly, who took off his shirt at Lord' s after India' s NatWest series win on July 13, 2002, had later called the celebration a " big mistake" . " It was only a way of relieving the pressure. You make mistakes in life. I made a mistake. But we were on the winning side, " Ganguly later admitted. 
Singer- music composer Ankit Tiwari has said that people like singers as long as they sing playback for major stars or till the time the singers' songs are featured in films. He added, " Singing for someone else means. . . singers aur musicians ki apni koi pehchaan nahi hoti. " Ankit further said that he is searching for his identity through his independent singles. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra was spotted shooting for her third Hollywood film with Modern Family actor Adam Devine and actress Rebel Wilson in New York. Tentatively titled ' Isn' t It Romantic' , Priyanka will reportedly be seen playing yoga ambassador Isabella in the romantic comedy. Also starring Liam Hemsworth, the film is scheduled to release on February 14, 2019. 
A Canadian lobster fisherman died after getting struck by a North Atlantic right whale, moments after rescuing it on Monday. Joe Howlett had saved roughly two dozen whales in fifteen years, after they became tangled in fishing nets. The fisheries department said, " taking part in whale rescue operations requires immense bravery and a passion for the welfare of marine mammals. " 
An unverified call, received by the Railway Protection Force ( RPF) on Thursday, warning about a bomb in Mumbai' s Churchgate station turned out to be a hoax. Notably, it is the sixth anniversary of the triple blasts at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar which left 26 people dead. The police are working to trace the person who telephoned the RPF. 
The White House has strongly condemned the terror attack on Amarnath pilgrims in India, calling it a " cowardly terrorist attack" . Adding, " An attack on religious freedom is an attack on the most fundamental right of liberty, " US said that it will continue to work with India to combat terrorism in every part of the world. The attack claimed seven lives. 
Sania Mirza and her mixed doubles partner, Croatia' s Ivan Dodig, crashed out of the Wimbledon' s mixed doubles event, losing 6- 7, 4- 6 to Henri Kontinen and Heather Watson in the third round. Meanwhile, French Open champions Rohan Bopanna and his Canadian partner Gabriela Dabrowski reached the quarters, beating the Croatian pair of Nikola Mektic and Ana Konjuh 7- 6, 6- 2 on Wednesday. 
Ruling Telangana Rashtra Samiti ( TRS) MLA B Shankar Nayak was today arrested for misbehaving with a woman IAS officer during a government event. A video of the event showed the MLA grabbing the collector' s arm and she can be seen struggling out from the MLA' s grip. However, the MLA denied any wrongdoing and was later given bail on personal bond. 
The Bombay high court stopped criminal proceedings for sexual harassment charges against a 20- year- old man when he agreed to clean a children' s home every Sunday for the next three months. The bench said it considered his age and willingness for community service. The proceedings will restart if he fails to produce a certificate by the head of the children' s home. 
The National Green Tribunal on Thursday ordered that a penalty of ? 50, 000 will be imposed for dumping waste in river Ganga on the stretch between Haridwar and Unnao. Directing the authorities that no waste dumping should be allowed within 500 metres of Ganga, the NGT said that 100 metres from the edge of Ganga should be declared a no- development zone. 
Comedy group AIB was slammed by BJP supporters for sharing a picture of PM Narendra Modi' s doppelganger along with one of PM Modi with a Snapchat dog filter. AIB was later slammed by Congress supporters when it deleted the tweet. " Will continue making jokes. And deleting if necessary. And making jokes again. And Apologizing if necessary, " AIB' s Tanmay Bhat tweeted. 
' Transformers' actor Shia LaBeouf has apologised on Twitter for hurling insults at policemen who arrested him on charges of disorderly conduct and public intoxication on Saturday. The apology comes after videos of the actor verbally abusing policemen were posted online. He had accused police of being racist and also threatened them by saying he has several " millionaire lawyers" . 
Following reports of Disney being unable to find actors for Aladdin' s live- action remake, Twitter users suggested Hrithik Roshan and Dev Patel for Aladdin' s role and Priyanka Chopra to play Aladdin' s love interest Jasmine. In March, Disney released a casting call for Middle Eastern actors and actors of Indian descent to audition. Notably, the original Aladdin film released in 1992. 
Comedian Krushna Abhishek, who became a father to twin boys, has revealed that Salman Khan was among those who counselled him about having babies. " Salman was one of the first stars I told about my twins, " he added. Krushna further said when he first saw the twins, he did not know how to react and was scared to pick them up. 
The CISF officials at the Delhi airport failed to detect ' explosives' during a security drill conducted by the Bureau for Civil Aviation Security. Further, security checks conducted on hand baggage for an Air India flight to Jammu also failed to detect the explosive. The CISF said that they take action against the staff who fail to perform their duty. 
The police have arrested four cow vigilantes for allegedly beating up a 36- year- old Muslim man in Nagpur, Maharashtra, accusing him of carrying beef. The victim is undergoing treatment at a local hospital. Notably, the accused were members of Prahar Sanghatana, which describes itself as a social and cultural body and is led by Bacchu Kadu, an independent MLA from Amravati. 
UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has banned red carpet welcomes and special arrangements during his visits and asked bureaucrats to " keep it simple" . He also warned officials not to arrange special towels, air conditioners or particular sofas. Earlier, officials covered up a muddy road with red carpet when Yogi went to meet slain CRPF sub- inspector Sahab Shukla' s kin in Gorakhpur. 
Democratic Representative Brad Sherman filed the first formal article of impeachment against US President Donald Trump on Wednesday. He accused Trump of committing obstruction of justice by firing former FBI Director James Comey amid a probe into Russian interference in the polls. Congress can remove presidents if enough lawmakers vote saying they committed crimes including treason and bribery. 
Biju Janata Dal ( BJD) MLA Manas Madkami defended being carried on people' s shoulders to prevent his clothes from getting dirty in a patch of muddy water in Odisha' s Malkangiri on Tuesday. " It was the overwhelming affection of supporters which prompted them to act in such manner. They felt elated while lifting me and crossing the water body, " he said. 
American multinational retailer Walmart on Wednesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Maharashtra government to invest ? 900 crore for opening up of fifteen stores. The Chief Minister' s Office tweeted that the wholesale cash- and- carry stores will help generate 30, 000 jobs. Walmart already has two pilot stores in the state in Aurangabad and Amravati. 
Pakistani actress Sajal Ali, who played Sridevi' s daughter in Mom, has said working in Bollywood was never her dream. She said that she was happy working in Pakistan but the story of Mom moved her. Talking about her role in the film, Sajal added, " It was definitely a challenging role. . . I think the most challenging part was performing with Sridevi. " 
An Indian- origin boy Karanbir Cheema with an allergy to dairy products died due to a reaction after a piece of cheese was allegedly forced on him as a prank in his school. The 13- year- old died on Sunday after battling for ten days in a children' s hospital. The police also arrested Karanbir' s classmate on suspicion of attempted murder. 
A 38- year- old woman has alleged that she was raped by two men after her husband lost her as a stake in a gambling bet in Madhya Pradesh. The woman also claimed that after the incident, she separated herself from her husband but the two men kept constantly harassing her. No case has been registered so far, according to Indore Police. 
Japanese company Konica Minolta has created a gadget called Kunkun Body that checks users' body odour for ? 17, 000. It can test for smells near the head, behind ears, under armpits, and around feet and rate them in three levels of severity. For example, on detecting high readings of smells, the gadget' s connected smartphone app would display, " Immediately care is needed. " 
A nine- year- old boy' s naked body with deep cuts and possible burns was found on Tuesday in a public park in south Delhi' s Pul Prahladpur. The boy' s family alleged that he was tortured with a sharp object and stubbed with burning cigarettes before being murdered. The police is waiting for the autopsy report to confirm if he was sexually abused. 
Twenty- six- year- old Sara Geurts from Minnesota, US, who was diagnosed with a rare type of skin disorder called Ehlers- Danlos Syndrome when she was 10, has started modelling. The disorder causes skin and joints to stretch beyond normal and become wrinkly. " Each imperfection you have is individual to you, and it tells a story about you and who you are, " said Sara. 
The Maharashtra government has launched a scheme to cover medical insurance of up to ? 10 lakh of 335 sitting legislators, 837 former legislators, and their families. This is reportedly aimed at curbing the use of fake bills in the medical reimbursement scheme the legislators were covered under earlier. The insurance scheme will cost the state almost ? 10 crore a year. 
A Mumbai woman, who was allegedly laughed off by authorities for complaining about a man masturbating at her in a local train, has shared the incident' s video. In the video, she captured the accused, Ashok Pradhan, masturbating while looking at her. The video also shows a constable, who came to the compartment with her, asking her to sit elsewhere. 
A training centre for high- speed trains will be built in Gujarat' s Gandhinagar at a cost of ? 600 crore, and is expected to start operating by 2020, the National High Speed Rail Corporation ( NHSRC) has said. It also has a sample bullet train track for testing. Over 4, 000 rail engineers are expected to be trained by 2020. 
The DIG prison D Roopa has written a report wherein she has mentioned that AIADMK chief VK Sasikala had paid prison officials a bribe of ? 2 crore to get special treatment in jail. She added that Sasikala has a separate kitchen in the prison, gets a special menu every day, and the food is cooked by special chefs. 
After a mob pelted stones at Mahagun Moderne Society in Noida Sector 78 for alleged beating of a maid, the residents have decided not to allow Bangladeshi maids in the premises. " Every individual in the society is scared after Wednesday? s incident. There is no way they can trust the Bangladeshi domestic helps anymore, " said a resident. 
Ships carrying Chinese troops are headed to Djibouti to set up China' s first overseas military base in an effort to enhance its global reach. The base will be used for peacekeeping and humanitarian aid in Africa and West Asia, China said. However, India believes the base would become another of China' s " string of pearls" of military alliances and assets. 
US President Donald Trump has claimed that Russian President Vladimir Putin would have preferred a Hillary Clinton victory in the US presidential elections. " Why would he want me? . . . He does not want to see that, " Trump said. Trump' s statement comes amid a probe by federal investigators on whether his campaign advisers colluded with the Russian government to help him win the elections. 
As per reports, filmmaker Quentin Tarantino is set to direct a film on the Manson Family murders. The yet- to- be titled project has also been reportedly written by Tarantino, who is known for films like Pulp Fiction and Inglourious Basterds. It is being said that Brad Pitt and Jennifer Lawrence have been approached for the film. 
Iran has appointed its first female CEO to lead its national carrier Iran Air since the airline' s inception in 1944. Forty- four- year- old Farzaneh Sharafbani, who also holds a PhD in aerospace engineering, is the first woman to head Iran Air in over 70 years. She was appointed by President Hassan Rouhani' s administration, which has chosen women to lead several managerial posts. 
The Supreme Court has closed a nine- year- old case against Govinda for slapping a man named Santosh in 2008. The SC' s decision came after the actor tendered an unconditional apology to the complainant and the apex court. The actor had slapped Santosh when he had gone to see Govinda' s film shoot and the act was also caught on camera. 
The Shiv Sena has urged the PM Narendra Modi- led central government to scrap Jammu and Kashmir' s special status in the next eight days, in order to combat terrorism in the state. " The country needs action and for that it is alright even if Prime Minister Narendra Modi has to imbibe Hitler' s form" read an editorial in Sena' s mouthpiece, Saamana. 
A month- long study by the Centre for Science and Environment on 13 Delhi arterial roads has revealed that there is negligible difference between peak and non- peak hours for traffic. The study also found that vehicles were going 50% - 60% slower than the speed the roads were originally built for. The analysis also indicated that traffic congestion is worse on weekends. 
India' s biggest prison, Tihar jail, does not have a hangman on its payroll, according to reports. There is no official record of any executioner even though the post has existed in the prison manual ever since its construction in 1957, the report added. Notably, the jail currently has 19 prisoners on death row, which is the highest to date. 
US President Donald Trump' s nominee to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, has rejected the President' s claim that an inquiry into alleged Russian hacking of the US election is a ' witch hunt' . Adding that he will never allow the FBI to be driven by anything other than facts, Wray said he would quit if Trump asks him to do anything illegal. 
Public schools in Saudi Arabia will start offering physical education for girls from the next academic year, in the government' s latest reform to open opportunities for women. Physical education for women is controversial in Saudi Arabia where conservatives consider it immodest. Notably, Saudi women are required to have male guardians throughout their lives. 
Shah Rukh Khan, while replying to a fan' s tweet appreciating his youngest son AbRam' s calmness among crowds, wrote, " More than stardom I believe he is born for Lovedom! " Earlier, Shah Rukh had said that unlike Aryan and Suhana, his 4- year- old son AbRam is more people friendly and gets happy seeing his fans. 
Delhi civic agencies are planning to launch a mobile app within the next two months to help locate all the 1800 public toilets run by Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) , reports said. The app will allow users to give feedback on the condition of the toilets and will have a rating scale of Happy, Not Happy and Satisfied. 
Roger Federer registered a win in his 100th Wimbledon match to progress to his 12th Wimbledon semi- final. Federer, who swept past Canada' s Milos Raonic in straight sets, has become the oldest man to reach the tournament' s semifinals since 1974. The seven- time Wimbledon champion will now face Tomas Berdych, who reached the semis after Novak Djokovic retired due to an injury. 
Two bikers were arrested on Wednesday for performing stunts inspired by Bollywood movie ' Dhoom' at Mumbai' s Marine Drive. The police said they got information that four bikers were performing stunts and managed to catch two of them. The accused reportedly said that they were inspired by the movie to perform stunts to " impress girls" at the promenade. 
Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed a 45% rise in terrorism- related deaths and 164% increase in civilian deaths alone over the last one year, according to an IndiaSpend analysis of data from the South Asian Terrorism Portal. Over the past 18 years, at least 52 Amarnath Yatra pilgrims have been killed in five terrorist attacks. 
In a letter to a Shiv Sena politician, a woman superintendent of a district jail in Maharashtra reportedly alleged harassment and sexual abuse of women staff members by senior officials. The letter also pointed to a particular senior jail official who allegedly molested at least 60 to 70 women employees till date. However, the superintendent has denied sending the letter. 
US President Donald Trump on Wednesday said that the Islamic State was " on the run" and will soon be " wiped out" of Syria and Iraq. Trump' s statement comes after Iraqi forces declared victory over the militant group in Mosul, retaking full control of the country' s second- largest city three years after it was seized. 
China will downsize its 23 lakh- strong Army, the world' s largest, to under 10 lakh in the biggest troop reduction in its history. This comes as part of a restructuring process for strategic goals and security requirements, according to reports. However, China will increase the number of personnel in other services including navy and missile forces, reports added. 
As much as 99% of Delhi Transport Corporation' s ( DTC) 3, 951 buses will have to be retired over the next five years, according to reports. The operational life of a bus is 12 years or 7. 5 lakh kilometres, and 21% DTC buses are already ' over- aged' . Notably, three attempts to procure new buses have failed because of tender issues. 
RBI Governor Urjit Patel on Wednesday told a parliamentary panel that the notes deposited after demonetisation were still being counted by a special team working round the clock. He said the total money in circulation in the country is now ? 15. 4 lakh crore, as against ? 17. 7 lakh crore at the time of demonetisation in November last year. 
Mithun Chakraborty has said comedian Kapil Sharma is one of the biggest talents he has seen in his career. Talking about Krushna and Kapil who are often pitched as competitors, he added, " I have no idea about it. But I feel no one should compare. His ( Kapil' s) show is huge, it will take time ( for Krushna' s show) to reach there. " 
Sonam Kapoor is set to join the Harvard Business School' s ( HBS) panel for a special talk. " I think the subject is very relevant to times that we live in, " said Sonam. She will reportedly talk about the pitfalls and challenges associated with both the aspects - notions of beauty and the aspiration to look ' beautiful' , as per a source. 
Tiger Shroff has said that he wants to make a mark as a larger than life hero, like the on- screen image of Salman Khan. Talking about his approach to acting, Tiger added, " I am little different. I want to practice and prepare to set my skill. . . I think only through practice you can reach perfection. . . I can do a lot of re- takes. " 
A 12- year- old Class 6 student allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself in his hostel room at Jeedimetla on the outskirts of Hyderabad on Wednesday. He reportedly cut his bed sheet vertically, made it into a rope, tied it to the ceiling fan and hanged himself. The family members suspect that the boy might have been subjected to physical harassment. 
UAE' s Paralympian Abdullah Hayayei died on Tuesday after a metal throwing cage fell on him while he was training for the upcoming World Para- athletics Championships in London. Hayayei was reportedly struck by a pole which was a part of the discus cage. The police are investigating the incident, during which two of the athlete' s personal coaches were present. 
Newly appointed India coach Ravi Shastri has said both he and Sourav Ganguly have moved on from their alleged spat last year, after Shastri was rejected for the coaching role. Speaking on his interview this year, Shastri said, " There were good questions asked. . . We are two former captains. . . Everyone is not on the same page all the time. But there is mutual respect. " 
Two Indian Army jawans were martyred on Wednesday after Pakistan Army opened fire in Kupwara area along the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir. The incident took place two days after seven pilgrims were killed in a terrorist attack in Anantnag city. As per reports, there have been 23 incidents of ceasefire violation by Pakistan in June this year. 
A rare 1931 pencil portrait of Mahatma Gandhi and collection of his handwritten letters, that were auctioned, have been bought by Cyrus Poonawalla, popularly known as the ' vaccine billionaire' . Poonawalla, who founded the Serum Institute of India in 1966, bought the works for £ 32, 500 ( ? 27 lakh) . Poonawalla said he wanted to bring the historic and rare works back to India. 
Hindu Makkal Katchi, a nationalistic Hindu party from Tamil Nadu, has called for a ban on the Tamil version of reality show Bigg Boss and wants the show' s host actor Kamal Haasan to be arrested. The party' s official statement read, " The participants are mouthing obscene statements and are acting 75% nude. It is also derogative of Tamil culture. " 
Actress Taapsee Pannu, who was bashed for her remark on Telugu filmmaker K Raghavendra Rao, has said her comment was purely on the basis of facts and she was not making fun of anyone but herself. Taapsee added, " If people are just going to sit there. . . so they can start throwing sh* t around at other people, you can never stop them. " 
Aizawl FC' s 2016- 17 I- League title win is set to be made into a Bollywood film after the club signed a deal with a production company. Robert Royte, the owner of the club, said the film will provide a major boost to India' s football fraternity. Notably, Aizawl FC is the first club from the Northeast to win the top- flight title. 
Telugu actress Vithika Sheru, wife of actor Varun Sandesh, has denied rumours of her being critical in the hospital after attempting suicide. " Everything is just a rumour. We are doing great, " tweeted Vithika. Earlier, a picture reportedly showing her lying on a hospital bed was being circulated but she has confirmed that it was fake. 
A maid was found in the boot of her employer' s car in Noida' s Sector 78 where she was reportedly held captive after being beaten up for stealing from the employer' s house. After the domestic help was found in the car, a mob of villagers surrounded the premises of the society, entered there with rods and started pelting stones. 
The record for the highest last- wicket partnership in Test cricket was set on July 12 by England' s James Anderson and Joe Root while facing India in 2014. The duo added 198 runs for the final wicket, as it became the only Test match to feature two century 10th- wicket partnerships. Notably, Anderson' s 81- run innings is his Test career' s only 50+ score. 
Slamming PM Narendra Modi, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi today took to Twitter and said, " Modi' s policies have created space for terrorists in Kashmir. Grave strategic blow for India # AmarnathTerrorAttack. " He also tweeted, " Short term political gain for Modi from PDP alliance has cost India massively. . . Modi' s personal gain = India' s strategic loss + sacrifice of innocent Indian blood. " 
RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav' s son and Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Tejashwi Yadav, who is accused of corruption in land- for- hotel deals, said, " I was only 13 when the sale of railway hotels took place in 2004. " He added, " I did not even have a moustache at that time. How can a 13 or 14- year- old do all this? " 
Newly appointed India coach Ravi Shastri was the team director from 2014 to 2016. Under him, Virat Kohli became the Test captain and India became the top- ranked Test team in January 2016. Shastri also led India to the semi- finals of the T20 and ODI World Cups, besides winning four ODI, two Test, and two T20I bilateral series during his tenure. 
As per reports, the Censor Board has stalled the release of the documentary The Argumentative Indian, which is on Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen, over the use of words ' cow' , ' Gujarat' , ' Hindutva view of India' and ' Hindu India' . The documentary' s maker Suman Ghosh said that he would never agree to beep or mute anything that Amartya has said in the documentary. 
The Supreme Court slammed the Election Commission on Wednesday after the latter said it cannot take a stand on whether to ban convicted politicians from contesting polls for life. " Is silence an option for you? You must say either yes or no. How can you be silent? If you are constrained please let us know, " the bench said. 
Charlize Theron, while slamming Hollywood for not giving women an opportunity to work with higher budgets, said she is ashamed to be a part of it. " [ The industry] has never allowed a woman to work with a budget higher [ than Wonder Woman] . That' s so caveman- like, " she added. Theron further said she hopes the scenario changes with films like ' Wonder Woman' . 
' Transformers' actor Shia LaBeouf, who was arrested on charges of disorderly conduct and public intoxication, hurled insults at policemen arresting him. " I came up to you trying to be nice, you stupid b* * * * . . . I got more millionaire lawyers than you know what to do with, " he said. LaBeouf was arrested for using vulgar language when he was denied a cigarette. 
The Gorkhaland Movement Coordination Committee, an alliance of political parties and organisations protesting for a separate state for the Nepali- speaking population, on Tuesday said it will launch a fast- unto- death from July 15. While the BJP has denied supporting the demand for a separate state, it will take part in the hunger strike to protest against West Bengal' s oppression of Gorkhas. 
Ahead of their boxing match, Floyd Mayweather and UFC Champion Conor McGregor came face to face publicly for the first time on Tuesday. Addressing the crowd, McGregor said, " I' m going to knock him out inside of four rounds. " Later, Mayweather pointed out McGregor' s three career losses by tapping out, saying, " We know Mr Tapout like to quit and you will. " 
The North Delhi Municipal Corporation is planning to enforce a penalty of ? 100 per hour for unauthorised parking along roads that are 60 feet or wider, mostly near marketplaces. The penalty will be applicable from 8 AM to 8 PM on weekdays and ? 50 will be added to the base fine of ? 100 for each subsequent hour. 
Maharashtra government on Tuesday announced ? 10 lakh for the families of two victims from Dahanu who died in the Amarnath Yatra terror attack. " Maharashtra strongly condemns the cowardly attack. . . Our deepest condolences to the bereaved families, " tweeted CM Devendra Fadnavis. Notably, three other pilgrims out of fifteen from the state were left injured in the terror attack on the bus. 
Delhi High Court on Tuesday said the merit position of students could change substantially in the ongoing Delhi University admissions after re- evaluation of the answer sheets submitted to the CBSE. However, Delhi University officials said this should not worry students who have already secured the college seats even if their marks get reduced after re- evaluation. 
The Maharashtra government has allotted 250 hectares of forest land in Raigad district to the City and Industrial Development Corporation for the development of Navi Mumbai International Airport. The state officials said that the project is site- specific, with no alternative non- forest land available for it. The corporation has reportedly assured to plant thrice the number of trees destroyed. 
Actress Ratna Pathak Shah has said patriarchy is hard on men as well as on women which is why there is a need to get rid of it and find new ways of looking at society. She added, " Instances. . . force a woman to ask for permission. It' s not easy to do what you want. . . when you are financially dependant on the other person. " 
Indian para- swimmer Kanchanmala Pande, who is completely blind, won a silver at the Para Swimming Championships in Germany after borrowing money to participate. Kanchanmala, who took a loan of ? 5 lakh after money sanctioned by the government did not reach her, also qualified for the World Championships with the win. She paid the accommodation and visa expenses on her own. 
RJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav has said there is no question of his son and Bihar' s Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav resigning. The statement comes after Bihar CM Nitish Kumar gave Tejashwi a four- day ultimatum to come out clean of corruption allegations. Lalu added Rahul Gandhi, Mayawati are supporting him and they will not let BJP succeed in breaking the grand alliance. 
The Heritage Transport Museum in Gurugram will showcase one of the 12 antique Kolkata trams that were put on sale by the West Bengal State Transport Corporation. The first tram has been sold to a Chandigarh bidder, who reportedly wants to refurbish it into a restaurant. The wooden tram, no longer in working order, would be restored before getting displayed. 
A Pikachu- themed train has been introduced in Japan' s Ichinoseki Metro Station for sightseeing, which will begin its daily service from July 15. It was designed as part of the ' Pokemon with You' campaign organised by the Pokemon Company following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. The train is intended to cheer up children and adults living in the area. 
Uttarakhand had witnessed the maximum number of protests ( 21, 966) in 2016, followed by Tamil Nadu ( 20, 450) and Punjab ( 11, 876) , according to the Bureau of Police Research and Development. Uttarakhand saw protests on several issues, including President' s rule and a smart city project. Notably, Nagaland was the last state on the list with only one protest through 2016. 
The Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered Punjab to complete its share of construction on the disputed Sutlej- Yamuna Link Canal. " How much water should be shared can be decided later, " the court added and fixed the next hearing for September 7. Notably, Haryana completed its portion of constructing the canal, which will carry its share of Ravi- Beas water through Punjab. 
The United States Justice Department has said that Boston- based construction firm CDM Smith allegedly paid more than ? 6 crore as bribes from 2011 to 2015 to National Highway Authority of India officials for contracts. The investigation was closed by the Justice Department after the firm agreed to give up the money it earned as profits due to the bribes. nn
A Bihar district court has sentenced two brothers to a five- year jail term and imposed a fine of ? 1 lakh each for drinking, reportedly in the first conviction under the state' s anti- liquor law. The brothers, both daily wagers, were arrested on May 29 this year. More than 25, 000 people have been charged with violating the prohibition law in Bihar. 
The Telecom department has made it mandatory for all phones, including feature phones, to install Global Positioning System ( GPS) from January 1, 2018. The order aims to ensure consumers' safety as GPS can help locate them in emergency situations. The industry, however, warned that the decision might raise the prices of feature phones by over 30% . 
The Jammu & Kashmir government and the Amarnath Shrine Board have announced a reward of ? 5 lakh for the driver of the bus which came under attack from terrorists on Monday. The driver, Saleem Mirza, displayed " exemplary alertness and courage, " as he kept driving even when the terrorists opened fire on the bus, saving around 50 lives. 
Saleem Mirza, the driver of Amarnath bus which was attacked by terrorists, said that he just did his duty by not stopping as the firing started. " Out of the blue, it started raining bullets? for a fraction of a second my mind went blank. . . I ducked and kept driving, " he recalled. He added he will go to Amarnath again if given a chance. 
The Chinese government has ordered telecommunications firms to completely block access to virtual private networks ( VPNs) by February 2018, in a crackdown aimed at suppressing dissent over the legitimacy of the ruling Communist Party. Notably, China operates the world' s largest Internet censorship regime and has banned several social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. 
The Maharashtra government' s proposal to transfer tribal land in Palghar to iPhone manufacturer Foxconn has sparked protests by locals. The land, which had been acquired earlier for a project that did not start, was lying unclaimed and some original owners continued farming. A government official said Foxconn will be more interested in this location due to its proximity to Mumbai. 
The lawyer representing 1993 Mumbai blasts convict Abu Salem has argued that he cannot be sentenced to death or to jail for over 25 years under a treaty with Portugal. Salem was brought back under the treaty after he was detained in Portugal in 2002. The lawyer also said Salem' s detention period should be counted as 15 years already served. 
The National Zoological Park in New Delhi may soon launch an animal adoption scheme, according to reports. Citizens would be able to adopt an animal after paying a fixed amount of money, usually spent on food and medicines for the animal. The adopter would have free entry for a year and their name will be displayed on the cage. 
UK PM Theresa May has suspended Conservative MP Anne Morris after she described the country' s departure from the European Union without an agreed deal as " the real n* * * * r in the woodpile" . Morris was accused of racism for using the N- word and PM May denounced it as " completely unacceptable" . Morris later apologised for her remark, saying " the comment was totally unintentional" . 
Cricket South Africa has handed an eight- year ban to pacer Lonwabo Tsotsobe for his part in a 2015 match- fixing scandal. Six other South African players had been banned earlier for two to 20 years for being a part of the scandal. " I was, at the time, in a very vulnerable financial state, " Tsotsobe revealed in a statement. 
Delhi Police has issued an advisory to put the capital on high alert and advised ' special anti- terror' arrangements for the Kanwar Yatra pilgrims. Reportedly, quick reaction teams and commandos will guard the Kanwar Yatra routes and other vital establishments like malls, metro stations, and airports. This comes after seven Amarnath Yatra pilgrims were killed on Monday. 
Following Sri Lanka' s ODI series loss against Zimbabwe at home, Angelo Mathews on Tuesday stepped down as the Sri Lankan team' s skipper in all three formats of the game. Mathews led the Sri Lankan side in 34 Tests, 98 ODIs and 12 T20Is, after taking over the role at the age of 25, in 2013. 
Former captain Rahul Dravid has been appointed India' s batting consultant for overseas tours, BCCI announced on Tuesday. Dravid would take up the role alongside his current position of coach of India ' A' and U- 19 teams, for which he was recently given a two- year extension. Dravid has been appointed alongside Ravi Shastri as head coach and Zaheer Khan as bowling coach. 
US President Donald Trump' s son Donald Trump Jr on Tuesday released emails showing he was offered " sensitive" information on Hillary Clinton by a Russian lawyer before the US presidential elections. Trump Jr was reportedly informed ahead of a meeting with the lawyer that the information was part of an effort by the Russian government to help the Trump campaign. 
India' s " bloated self- assertiveness" made it infringe on China' s sovereignty, official Chinese media said amid the ongoing standoff between the Chinese and Indian armies. Accusing India of trying to " maintain and expand its regional hegemony" by preventing China from constructing a road in Sikkim, the media slammed India for claiming that it was protecting its neighbour and ally Bhutan. 
An increasing number of women in Iran have been refusing to wear hijab while driving, sparking a nationwide debate about whether a car is a private space. Notably, Iranian women are obliged to wear hijabs in public. However, President Hassan Rouhani has argued that people' s private space should be respected, opposing a crackdown on women who do not wear hijab. 
Pooja Bhatt has said she and her estranged husband Manish Makhija never got divorced on paper. She added, " I do not believe that a piece of paper can decide your relationship status. We made a choice to get married. . . to end our marriage, and to remain friends. " Pooja and Manish had been married for eleven years when they separated in 2014. 
Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui has revealed that he did intimate scenes for the first time in the upcoming film Babumoshai Bandookbaaz. He added, " You feel good and nervous at the same time. . . It' s not that fun when you are doing a [ love- making] scene. " Directed by Kushan Nandy, Nawazuddin will reportedly be seen playing the role of a shooter in the film. 
Mumbai University has asked its colleges to speed up the assessment process by assigning evaluators in proportion to their students. Reportedly, only 28% teachers are evaluating the answer scripts and only 6. 5 lakh out of 18 lakh answer sheets have been assessed so far. The on- screen assessment system adopted by the university this year was blamed for the delay. 
The doctors from ? 1 clinic at Ghatkopar railway station in Mumbai helped a woman deliver her child on Tuesday. The woman was travelling to Dadar when she went into labour and the clinic doctors rushed to her help immediately. These clinics were started on May 20 across 14 Mumbai railway stations, and have treated more than 12, 000 patients so far. 
Vijay Mallya has quit as Indian motorsport' s representative in the world body FIA after intervention from the sports ministry. The ministry sent a directive to Federation of Motor Sports Club of India, after which Mallya resigned ahead of FIA' s World Motor Sport Council' s last meeting. FMSCI can now only nominate a new representative to the world body in December. 
After transitioning to biometric attendance, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) has announced that employees will not receive their salary if they fail to mark attendance through the system. Almost 70, 000 of BMC' s over 1 lakh employees have already been registered on the new system, reports said. This comes as part of a revamp that also includes changing official duty hours. 
The dead bodies of two trekkers who went missing last week have been found by a rescue team at the Devkund waterfall in Maharashtra. The police reportedly sought to impose a curfew in the area to stop people from going for the trek. Over 145 people, including the Army and police, were involved in the 24- hour search operation, police added. 
The Telangana government has issued an ordinance to curb the " social evils" caused by online rummy card games. It claimed that the game has become an addiction for many people and affected their family life. Notably, online gaming is an offence as per the provisions of another ordinance issued by the state a month ago. 
The Janata Dal ( United) has given four days to ally Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) to decide on Lalu Prasad Yadav' s son Tejashwi Yadav' s resignation from the post of Bihar Deputy Chief Minister. Notably, after an FIR was registered against Tejashwi Yadav for acquiring Benami property, the BJP has been demanding to sack him from the Cabinet. 
At least 10 people were killed and several others are feared to be trapped in a landslide in Arunachal Pradesh' s Papumpare district on Tuesday, according to reports. Additional Deputy Commissioner Jalash Pertin said that the chances of any survivors are dim, and rescue operations are still on. The landslide was reportedly triggered by heavy rainfall in the region. 
US President Donald Trump has accused former FBI Director James Comey of leaking classified material by passing a memo of their private conversations to media and called his act " illegal" . Earlier, the media had reported that Comey, who had been sacked by Trump, shared the private memos containing classified information on meeting Trump. However, the reports were later retracted. 
Ileana D' Cruz has said that it is unfair to subject her boyfriend Andrew to harsh comments just because she is a celebrity. Ileana added, " He is entitled to his privacy and respect and he deserves both in equal measure. . . it did affect me when people left harsh comments on my social media posts. But I do give it back to nasty trolls. " 
Television actress Kamya Punjabi has claimed in a tweet that hackers removed a ' backless' picture of hers from Instagram. In the picture, Kamya can be seen posing with a lipstick to promote the film ' Lipstick Under My Burkha' . She tweeted, " Never posted something I never believed in. Never took off something that I once posted. . . Happy hacking! " n
According to a report, there is a 12- year- long waiting period for Indians applying for permanent residency, also known as Green Card in the United States as skilled employees. " In other words, the government currently is processing applications filed in May of 2005, " the report said. However, India is also among the top countries whose residents get Green Cards every year. 
Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath- led Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday allocated ? 50 crore to enable free data services for students of universities and degree colleges across the state while presenting its first budget. The state finance minister Rajesh Agarwal presented a ? 3. 84 lakh crore budget, wherein ? 36, 000 crore has been allocated for farm loans waiver in the state. 
Hackers hijacked the airwaves of a UK radio station to play a song about masturbation at least eight times in the last month. ' The Winker' s Song' was originally released in the 1970' s and uses the word ' wanker' 36 times. The hackers have reportedly been using a transmitter to play the song on the same frequency as the station. 
National Conference President Farooq Abdullah on Tuesday apologised to the people of the country for the attack on Amarnath pilgrims and said that those killers were not Muslims. He further said, " I want to tell you that we are not the ones who kill people. Even today, when a yatri comes here, it is the Kashmiri Muslim who carries his baggage. " 
Recounting Anantnag terror attack, one of the survivors said, " The firing did not last for more than 20 seconds. And, we could not see who was firing as it was dark outside. " He further said, " People just rolled on the bus floor over one another. " Another survivor said, " The people sitting near the driver' s cabin bore the brunt but the driver survived. " 
Just 100 companies have been the source of 71% of the world' s greenhouse gas emissions since 1988, according to a Carbon Majors report. The report further claims that half of the emissions were traced to 25 state- owned fossil fuel producers. If the current fossil fuel extraction trend continues, global average temperatures would rise by 4ºC by 2100, the report warns. 
A man tried to open the emergency door of an Air Asia flight from Delhi to Ranchi minutes before landing. The 32- year- old passenger identified as Aftab Ahmed also injured a few passengers and crew members when they tried to stop him. Ahmed, a resident of Ranchi, was handed over to the police at Ranchi after the flight landed safely. 
The Supreme Court- appointed Committee of Administrators has reportedly told BCCI to announce the name of the head coach of the Indian cricket team on Tuesday itself. BCCI' s Cricket Advisory Committee, comprising Sachin Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly and VVS Laxman, had interviewed five candidates on Monday, and said the new coach would be announced after discussions with Virat Kohli. 
Vistara Airlines took a dig at Air India after it stopped serving non- vegetarian meals to economy- class passengers on all domestic flights. Tata' s Vistara posted a picture with the caption, " Chicken or Vegetarian? We leave the choice to you! " Notably, Air India' s new policy is expected to save the debt- ridden airline ? 7- 8 crore annually. 
Bharti Airtel has termed data breach as a " real threat" to businesses and said that the company takes its responsibility on data security and customer privacy " very seriously" . The comments came after reports claimed that customer data, including mobile numbers and names of Reliance Jio users, were leaked on a website called ' magicapk' . Jio said it is investigating the claims. 
The attack on a bus carrying pilgrims to the Amarnath shrine on Monday was carried out by around 5 men of the terrorist organisation Lashkar- e- Taiba, Jammu & Kashmir IGP confirmed. It was masterminded by Ismail, a Lashkar operative from Pakistan. Terrorists had opened fire on a bus carrying pilgrims in the Anantnag district, killing at least seven and injuring 19. 
A Chinese Embassy official in New Delhi has said that the ongoing standoff between the armies of India and China will not impact the economic and cultural ties between the two nations. " India and China have enjoyed historical and cultural connections over thousands of years. . . This border issue, I reckon, is temporary, " the official said. 
Bihar BJP President Nityanand Rai on Monday said that the BJP is ready to support Bihar CM Nitish Kumar' s government if he expels his deputy and Lalu Yadav' s son Tejashwi Yadav. Adding that it is BJP' s dream to make India ' Congress- free' , he said, " if Kumar will need to save his government. . . We will support his government from outside but will not join it. " 
Several consumers are raising concerns on the government' s Twitter handles and other platforms about retailers charging Goods and Services Tax on the maximum retail price of the products. There are complaints against both local and online retailers. Notably, the government has clarified on several occasions that MRP is a product' s maximum price and charging anything above this is an offence. 
Cricket Advisory Committee member Sourav Ganguly has said skipper Virat Kohli needs to understand how coaches operate. However, the former captain said they will announce the new coach after consulting Kohli. " He has not sent any names, he has no inputs but we feel he is the captain, which is the most important thing in Indian cricket, " said Ganguly. 
The anti- Romeo squad in Uttar Pradesh, which drew criticism for moral policing in the name of women safety, is coming back with a polite, observant and trained set of personnel. The state' s DGP said the squad was being trained to distinguish a molester from a friend, adding there would be no more ' murga punishments' , shaving of heads, blackening of faces. 
The Malabar naval exercise is like mock battle involving practice sessions of naval ships, vessels, submarines, etc. It started in 1992 as an annual bilateral exercise between India and US, while Japan was permanently added in 2015, making it a trilateral exercise. The 21st edition of the naval exercise will see participation of 16 ships, 95 aircraft and two submarines. 
Actor Dileep was arrested on Monday in connection with the abduction and assault case of Malayalam actress, which took place in February 2017. Earlier, Dileep got linked to the case after his name was mentioned in a letter of a jail inmate, who shared the cell with the prime accused Pulsar Suni. Dileep has claimed that he does not know Suni. 
According to reports, Arjun Kapoor will replace Akshay Kumar in Namastey England, a sequel to the 2007 Vipul Shah directed film Namastey London. A source said, " Arjun was keen. . . but he wanted to make sure that Akshay had no problems about the franchise moving forward without him. " Namastey England, like the first film, will reportedly be shot in Punjab and UK. 
The Congress on Monday took a U- turn on party Vice President Rahul Gandhi' s meeting with the Chinese ambassador to India, Luo Zhaohui, on July 8 in Delhi amid the ongoing China- India border standoff. While the Congress had earlier termed the reports of Gandhi meeting Zhaohui as " fake news" , the political party later acknowledged that the " courtesy meeting" did take place. 
Union Minister Sushma Swaraj has advised Geeta, the deaf- mute woman who was brought from Pakistan to India, not to leave her premises without informing anyone. This comes after she went missing on July 6 for a brief period from Indore' s Institute for Speech and Hearing Impaired, following which a search operation was launched and she was found at a temple. 
Cricket Advisory Committee member Sourav Ganguly said Team India skipper Virat Kohli has not made any suggestions in the coach selection process. " We will speak to Virat and the announcement will be made. . . Virat, who we respect so much, is an important cog in this wheel. Credit needs to be given to him for staying out of this process, " said Ganguly. 
Responding to ' Jagga Jasoos' being given a U/ A certificate, Censor Board chief Pahlaj Nihalani said, " Let the film release. The world will see why we think it is necessary for children to be accompanied by an adult. " The CBFC has not recommended any cuts in the film. Starring Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif, ' Jagga Jasoos' will release on July 14. 
Jammu and Kashmir Human Rights Commission has asked the state to give ? 10 lakh within six weeks as compensation to the man who was used as a human shield by Army to avoid stone pelting. The man was tied to a military jeep by Major NL Gogoi on April 9. Gogoi claimed that his act saved at least 12 lives. 
The Indian authorities have stopped the bus service between Poonch and Rawalakot in Pakistan- occupied Kashmir after tensions along the LoC escalated as Pakistan continued to violate ceasefire. As per the understanding between Indian and Pakistan governments, the Paigam- e- Aman bus service operates between the two areas and exchange of citizens takes place on the basis of permit system every Monday. 
The Jammu and Kashmir Police on Monday arrested a man belonging to Uttar Pradesh' s Muzaffarnagar area for allegedly working as a Lashkar- e- Taiba terrorist. As per reports, the man, identified as Sandeep Kumar Sharma alias Adil, was part of the three attacks on security forces in the last month. He allegedly sheltered terrorists and ferried them from one place to another. 
At least 19 people were killed in different incidents of lightning strikes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. The most severely hit was Bihar, where 16 people died and two were injured in seven districts due to the strikes. Meanwhile, the death toll in Assam rose to 26 after one more life was claimed by the floods. 
The Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) MLAs today said that party chief Lalu Prasad Yadav' s son Tejashwi Yadav will not resign as the Bihar Deputy Chief Minister over the CBI raids on Yadav family' s properties. Notably, after an FIR was registered against Tejashwi Yadav for acquiring Benami property, the BJP has been demanding to sack him from the Cabinet. 
India bagged a total of 29 medals including 12 golds to top the medals tally at the Asian Athletics Championships for the first time ever. China, who have dominated the event from 1983 up until the last edition, finished second with overall 20 medals including 8 golds. India' s 29 medals is also their highest- ever medal haul in the event' s history. 
An accident on the Noida Expressway on Saturday killed one person, after a Swift Dzire attempted to overtake a Lamborghini. The incident, caught on CCTV, shows the Dzire intercepting the lane in which the Lamborghini was driving. Following the interception, the Lamborghini steered to the other side, hitting an Eeco, which toppled and landed outside the expressway, killing the driver. 
Sachin Tendulkar' s childhood coach Ramakant Achrekar was felicitated in Mumbai on the occasion of Guru Purnima on Sunday. The event was attended by Achrekar' s former protégés including Vinod Kambli, Pravin Amre and Sameer Dighe. Sachin could not make it to the event since he was out of the country, but thanked his coach through a Twitter post. 
The Delhi government, under its City Taxi Scheme, 2017, is planning to prevent cab aggregators including Uber Pool and Ola Share from offering shared rides. Cab aggregators have ' contract carriage permits' , which only allows point- to- point transportation with no stopovers on the route of a ride, according to officials. The scheme is in the final stages of scrutiny before being implemented. 
A parliamentary panel has reportedly sought explanation on the reasons behind Air India' s disinvestment decision from the Civil Aviation Ministry. The Aviation Secretary has been asked to appear before the panel on July 12. Reports said the issue was raised by Congress member and former Minister of State for Civil Aviation KC Venugopal. 
Actress Richa Chadha has denied rumours of dating Pink actor Angad Bedi, adding, " There is nothing going on like that. " Richa and Angad will be seen together in the upcoming web series Inside Edge. A source had previously said, " They ( Richa and Angad) had not met until they started to work together and have been spending time together since. " 
The Indian Railways has fixed a quota for the lower berth in third AC coaches of trains for ' divyangs' , or the differently- abled, reports said. Currently, the provision is available only in sleeper class. Recently, an inquiry was ordered after a wheelchair- bound para- athlete, Suvarna Raj, was forced to sleep on the floor after being denied a lower berth on a train. 
Saint Teresa' s blue- bordered sari was recognised as an Intellectual Property of the Missionaries of Charity after she was cannonised last year, reports said. The charity made the trademark public recently after it witnessed " unfair usage of the design across the globe. " It is the first time that a uniform has been protected under the Intellectual Property rights, reports added. 
Mercedes' Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas, who began on pole, won the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday. Bottas finished ahead of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo, who finished second and third respectively. Three- time Formula One champion, Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton finished fourth in the race. Notably, Vettel leads the driver standings with 171 points, 20 ahead of Hamilton. 
Union Minister Sushma Swaraj on Saturday said the government will provide assistance in getting Geeta, the deaf and mute Pakistan- returned girl, married to a groom of her choice. Swaraj added that the marriage would be solemnised by Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Geeta had accidentally crossed India- Pakistan border and returned in 2015 after spending 13 years in Pakistan. 
Sara Ali Khan' s debut Bollywood film Kedarnath opposite Sushant Singh Rajput is set to release in June next year. Sharing the details, Bollywood trade analyst Taran Adarsh tweeted that the film, which is being directed by Abhishek Kapoor, will be produced by Balaji Motion Pictures and KriArj Entertainment. The film' s shooting is expected to start later this year. 
Four paintings created by German dictator Adolf Hitler have been sold for a total of £ 7, 500 ( ? 6. 24 lakh) , much lower than the estimated price, at an auction in the UK. The artworks all bear the signature ' A Hitler' and are dated in the early 1900s. Notably, the paintings had been expected to fetch between £ 5, 000 and £ 7, 000 each. 
Actor Dhanush, during a press meet of his upcoming film VIP 2 with Kajol, has said that he is confident that Kajol will be a part of VIP 3. He further said, " It was really fascinating to share screen space with her. My performance went a notch up. " Kajol is returning to Tamil cinema after 20 years with VIP 2. 
Terrorists are planning a terror attack on the eateries in Delhi' s Hauz Khas, according to input by the Intelligence Bureau. It added that the attack might be aimed at foreign nationals attending the areas, and might also be carried out by a foreigner to hide the terrorists' identity. The police has asked all cafes and restaurants to monitor CCTVs. 
Monorail services were disrupted on Saturday evening in Mumbai after a train stopped functioning due to a power failure, following which authorities deployed another to tow it away and rescue stranded passengers. Pictures of the two trains, which seemingly came face- to- face, led to speculations that a head- on collision was averted but authorities denied reports of two trains nearly crashing. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday sought British PM Theresa May' s help to ensure UK' s cooperation to bring back economic offenders including fugitive liquor baron Vijay Mallya and former IPL chief Lalit Modi. Mallya is wanted for default on loans worth nearly ? 9, 000 crore while Lalit Modi is wanted for a money laundering probe. 
A ' Krishna Land' theme park on the lines of Disneyland and a walkalator between Agra Fort and Taj Mahal were among the projects proposed during a recent Lucknow meeting. UP CM Yogi Adityanath has reportedly shown interest in Krishna Land, asking for a proposal soon. Other proposals included a ' hop on - hop off' bus service in Agra. 
Speaking at the G20 summit on Saturday, French President Emmanuel Macron announced that Paris will host a summit on December 12 to address financing issues on the 2015 Paris climate agreement. Macron added that the summit would aim to mobilise private and public financing for the projects committed to in the Paris agreement. 
Delhi Police may impose a ban on Ladies' Night in Hauz Khas Village till August 15 due to women safety issues, according to reports. Police officials have reportedly asked pubs and restaurants in the area to stop hosting such nights. " Such nights lure many men and it creates a law and order problem, " a police official said. 
The shooting of an upcoming episode of The Kapil Sharma Show, featuring Shah Rukh Khan and Anushka Sharma was postponed after Kapil was hospitalised on the day of the shoot. " He was feeling uneasy and. . . doctors advised him to get admitted, " said comedian Kiku Sharda, who features on the show. The episode was to promote the film ' Jab Harry Met Sejal' . 
Baahubali director SS Rajamouli has said that he regrets discussing Sridevi' s casting for the film publicly and added that it was a mistake. Rajamouli had earlier said in an interview that they could not cast Sridevi due to her ' demands' . " There were rumours that I asked for ? 10 crore, " said Sridevi and added that she was hurt by Rajamouli' s remark. 
Servers of a Gurugram- based clothing company have reportedly been hit by a ransomware attack, with the hackers demanding about ? 24 lakh in Bitcoin. In a police complaint, the company said that it received an email in which the hackers threatened to wipe out all its financial data and bank transactions if it did not meet the demands. 
Tagging Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Friday re- tweeted a post about Indian tennis player Rohan Bopanna and Canadian player Gabriela Dabrowski. The two had won the mixed doubles title at the French Open. Modi replied, " India & Canada is an ace partnership, advantageous to both nations, beneficial for the world. Game, set and match always. " 
The Centre on Saturday notified that action would be taken against those who post videos and images of the protected Andaman and Nicobar Islands' tribal communities on social media. The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes has said the tribes come under a regulation that protects them from outside interference, violation of which is punishable with imprisonment up to three years. 
BJP Delhi President Manoj Tiwari on Friday urged Delhi' s traders to stop selling Chinese goods to give a big blow to the Chinese economy. He added that China' s economy was largely dependent on Indian markets and boycotting their goods would teach neighbours a lesson. He further said China was acting like a ' goonda' and is disturbed by India' s growing power. 
Authorities in the Central Luzon region of Philippines are reportedly considering issuing Muslim- only IDs to combat terrorism after a city in Mindanao was captured by Islamist militants. The move would allow identification of undesirable individuals and terrorists, officials said. Notably, President Duterte had blamed people of Marawi for sheltering ISIS sympathisers in the besieged city. 
Amid communal violence in West Bengal, Haryana BJP leader Vijeta Malik shared an image from a Bhojpuri film to condemn the plight of Hindus in the state. The image was reportedly from a film starring BJP leader Manoj Tiwari and showed a woman being disrobed in public. In the post, Malik slammed the state government over the ill- treatment of Hindus. 
The Sri Lankan cricket board on Friday announced that India will tour Sri Lanka for a full series, beginning with a Test match at Galle from July 26. This will be India' s first series involving all the three formats of the game in eight years in Sri Lanka. India last toured the island nation in 2015 for a Test series. 
Cement major UltraTech' s Chairman and Non- Executive Director Kumar Mangalam Birla received an annual remuneration of ? 22. 50 crore in 2016- 17. Birla' s remuneration from UltraTech saw an increase of 18. 2% from the previous financial year. Notably, his remuneration was in contrast to just ? 3. 3 lakh he earned from his group' s telecom arm Idea Cellular. 
A Home Ministry official has revealed that the family of terror group Hizbul Mujahideen' s slain commander Burhan Wani wanted him to surrender. Wani' s relatives sought police intervention in 2013 after he left his home in 2010 and joined militancy at the age of 15. Wani was killed in an encounter with security forces on July 8 last year. 
At least 25 cows have died at a government- run cow shelter in Haryana' s Kurukshetra district due to improper facilities, rains, and lack of food and water. While operations at the cow shelter have been suspended until repair work is carried out, other animals have been relocated to 20 other shelters running in the district, as per reports. 
Jagga Jasoos director Anurag Basu has said it is a coincidence that Ranbir Kapoor' s hairdo in the film is like the comic book character Tintin. He added, " This look was not my first choice. . . [ but] no other look. . . matched our narrative. " Basu further revealed that he had stacks of Tintin comics during childhood and details of such adventure stories stayed in his mind. 
A total of 43 McDonald' s outlets in Delhi operated without valid health licenses for nearly three months from April 1, estranged India partner Vikram Bakshi alleged. Bakshi, an equal joint venture partner of McDonald' s India in Connaught Plaza Restaurants, refused to sign licensing documents. Notably, McDonald' s shut 43 of the 55 Delhi outlets over failure to renew eating house licences. 
A man rescued a 27- year- old sex worker from a brothel in Delhi' s GB Road after falling in love with her. He said they have been together since he visited her as a customer two years ago. He wants to marry the girl, who came to India seeking employment after the 2015 Nepal earthquake, but was tricked into prostitution. 
Sania Mirza and her women' s doubles partner, Belgium' s Kirsten Flipkens, beat their Japanese- Chinese rivals Naomi Osaka and Shuai Zhang in straight sets to reach the Wimbledon second round. Meanwhile, French Open mixed doubles winner Rohan Bopanna and his partner Edouard Roger- Vasselin also advanced to the men' s doubles second round. Leander Paes failed to advance, crashing out in the first round. 
The central government has approved the renaming of two villages in Haryana, after complaints from villagers. The Ganda village has been renamed to Ajit Nagar and Kinnar has been renamed to Gaibi Nagar. A teenage girl from Ganda had written to PM Narendra Modi, saying that the villagers were embarrassed to use the village name, which means ' dirty' in English. 
Indian captain Virat Kohli on Thursday scored his 18th ODI hundred in run chases, the most by any batsman in ODI history. Kohli achieved the feat in 102 innings during the fifth ODI against Windies, overtaking Sachin Tendulkar who had 17 tons in 232 innings batting second. Overall, it was Kohli' s 28th ODI ton, the joint third- most in 50- over cricket. 
Customers will not suffer any loss if unauthorised electronic banking transactions are reported within three days, according to RBI. Further, the amount involved will be credited to the accounts concerned within 10 days. These rules will be applicable for third- party breaches, where the deficiency lies neither with the bank nor with the customer but elsewhere in the system. 
The Congress on Tuesday slammed the AAP government for delaying the fourth phase of the Delhi Metro project by not paying its due share of taxes. In cities where Metro rail projects are joint ventures, the state governments concerned are mandated to pay both state taxes as well as their share of subordinate debt, a Delhi Congress spokesperson said. 
BJP MP Subramanian Swamy has shared a picture on Twitter of actor Rajinikanth at a casino in the US, where he is said to be playing poker. Swamy, while slamming the actor for ' gambling' , further wrote on Twitter, " What is his ailment for which he has to go to US? " Rajinikanth is reportedly in USA for his regular medical check- up. 
A Tech Mahindra employee was asked by an HR executive to resign by 10 AM the next day or else face termination, an audio clip revealed. The executive told him that this was part of cost optimisation. When the employee tried to reason with her, she told him the company reserves all rights to let associates go whenever it wants. 
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram has said that current GST is " imperfect" , " a mockery" , and should have been delayed by two months. " The aim was that one indirect tax will subsume all other indirect taxes. This GST fails to achieve that, " he said. He further added that Congress will press for the reduction in rates and an 18% cap. 
Union Minister of State for Finance Arjun Ram Meghwal on Thursday said that about 91 lakh new taxpayers have been added after demonetisation. " Demonetisation has promoted digital economy. Increased digital transaction has hurt the shadow economy which was flourishing unchecked, " he said. Meghwal added that when history would be written, 2017 would be remembered as the year of economic reforms. 
The indefinite strike of movie theatres called by Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners and Distributors Association was withdrawn today and theatres are set to open from Friday. The association' s President Abirami Ramanathan said that a committee comprising TN government and the association' s representatives has been formed to sort out the issue of 30% additional tax being levied over and above GST. 
PM Narendra Modi visited the Haifa Indian Cemetery in Israel today and paid his homage to Indian soldiers who laid down their lives during the World War I in 1918. " I am deeply honoured to stand here today to salute the valiant Indian soldiers, " Modi said. The war heroes died while protecting Haifa from the forces of the Ottoman Empire. 
A man stabbed a 21- year- old aspiring air hostess multiple times on a busy street in Mansarovar Park area of Delhi in an alleged case of one- sided love affair. While the woman was admitted to GTB Hospital where she succumbed to her injuries, the accused is on the run. The incident was captured on the CCTV cameras installed in the neighbourhood. 
Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB) chairman Shaharyar Khan has said that India do not want to face Pakistan because they are scared of the Pakistani team after having lost the Champions Trophy 2017 final against them. According to a MoU signed by the BCCI and PCB, India and Pakistan were supposed to play several bilateral series from 2015 to 2023. 
Bowling at England cricket team' s net session, Sachin Tendulkar' s son Arjun, a left- arm seamer, caught England' s wicketkeeper- batsman Jonny Bairstow on the foot with a yorker. Bairstow was seen limping out of the ground and had to receive treatment. Bairstow' s injury was not serious as he made it to England' s final XI which is facing SA in a Test at Lord' s. 
In a company- wide email, Tesla CEO Elon Musk told employees that it is " obviously not cool" when " someone in a less represented group" sues Tesla for millions of dollars because they felt they were not promoted enough. The email was reportedly sent a few days after Tesla fired a female engineer who accused the automaker of ignoring her sexual harassment complaints. 
An unknown number of paintings from a ? 200 crore collection, including works of artists like MF Husain and Jatin Das, have gone missing from Air India headquarters in Mumbai. Union Minister Jayant Sinha said the government was looking into allegations of the paintings going missing. The airline reportedly wanted to open a public museum where the paintings would be showcased. 
The New Delhi Municipal Council ( NDMC) has failed to rename Teen Murti Marg after Israeli city ' Haifa' before Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s visit to the Jewish nation. " No final call has been taken on the proposal yet. . . We are not sure whether it will be scrapped totally or reconsidered later, " NDMC Vice Chairman Karan Singh Tanwar said. 
Kerala MP Innocent Vareed Thekkethala, President of the Association of Malayalam Movie Artists, said today that though casting couch no longer exists, bad actresses can opt for it. " The moment you make an imprudent request to a woman in this day and age, [ t] hey will speak about it openly. . . But if the women are bad, they may share the bed" . 
In a first in Bengaluru, a case of lesbian marriage has been reported wherein a 25- year- old woman tied the knot with her 21- year- old distant relative at a temple in Koramangala. While the parents of the younger one filed a missing complaint initially, police investigation later revealed that the duo was married. Notably, same- sex marriages are not legal in India. 
Actress Ratna Pathak Shah has said that not letting Pakistani actors like Fawad Khan work in India is a problem. She added, " Nobody is unhappy that these poor guys have been thrown out of the business. " Notably, Ratna has worked with Fawad in the films ' Khoobsurat' ( 2014) and ' Kapoor & Sons' ( 2016) . nn
To help students comprehend the newly introduced Goods and Services Tax ( GST) , Delhi University' s academic council approved the inclusion of GST in the curriculum of commerce programmes. The " one nation one tax" section will be taught from this academic session to students in programmes such as B Com ( Hons) , B Com ( Prog) and BA ( Prog) . 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares a connection with the ties between India and Israel due to a date acting as a coincidence. India had officially recognised Israel as a nation on 17 September 1950, allowing the latter to open its consulate in Mumbai. Coincidentally, it was also on the same date that PM Narendra Modi was born in Gujarat' s Vadnagar. 
The Uttar Pradesh government has incurred a loss of about ? 5, 000 crore in 2016- 17 following the Supreme Court order banning all liquor shops along national and state highways. Of the 8, 591 highway liquor shops affected, 3, 000 shop owners have surrendered their liquor licences. UP Excise Department said that it could generate only ? 14, 000 crore against a target of ? 19, 000 crore. 
Hackers behind the Petya ransomware attack, which hit computers in over 60 countries in late June, have wiped out nearly ? 7 lakh worth of bitcoins from the digital wallet used to receive ransoms. After reports suggested that the hackers may be state- sponsored actors, they left a message offering to decrypt every infected computer for a one- off payment of ? 1. 7 crore. 
According to reports, Shah Rukh Khan has gifted Salman Khan a luxury car to thank him for his guest appearance in Aanand L Rai' s upcoming film. A source said, " Salman was shocked. . . but because he had managed his dates. . . on such a short notice, SRK wanted to gift him something. " Salman is reportedly doing a dance sequence in the film. 
A police complaint has been lodged against Aam Aadmi Party leader and poet Kumar Vishwas for making derogatory remarks against women on The Kapil Sharma Show. Vishwas was on the show on Saturday when he said, " Chunav mein. . . jis ladki se aapka affair chalao uske pati ko jijaji kehna padta hai, jijaji vote de dena samaan to aap le hi gaye. " 
Slamming the BJP for GST rollout, Congress leader Digvijaya Singh has said GST would not succeed and would give rise to inflation as well as confusion. " Celebrations took place at midnight as if the country has got second freedom" , Singh said. He further added that the countries where the GST is successful, have a single tax slab structure. 
The Pankaj Advani- led Indian snooker team defeated Pakistan in the final of the Asian Team Snooker Championship on Wednesday. Advani remained the only player to not lose a single individual match in the team event. This title brings up Advani' s second Asian title this season and the 8th overall, while it was the first title for Advani' s teammate Laxman Rawat. 
Maharashtra BJP leader Ravindra Bawanthade, who was accused by a woman of raping her after a video showing them kissing on a bus went viral, has been arrested. The 19- year- old girl, who studies in a school in Chandrapur district where the 48- year- old politician is a supervisor, had filed the rape case against him. 
A Meerut- based boy is 6 feet 6 inches tall, making him the world' s tallest eight- year- old. Karan Singh set the Guinness World Record for being the tallest and heaviest baby as he was 63 cm tall and weighed 7. 8 kg as a newborn. Karan said he does not feel embarrassed by his height and hopes to become a basketball player or doctor. n
Actress Katrina Kaif has said that she does not know why she was so against joining social media. " My mind was blocked completely, I was not even ready for a discussion. But now that I have come on it, I really like it. I really enjoy it, " added Katrina. The 33- year- old actress made her debut on social media by joining Facebook. 
Actress Alia Bhatt, while talking about playing a Kashmiri character in the upcoming film Raazi, said, " I am so scared and nervous to go on this journey, because of the kind of intensity of this character. " Directed by Meghna Gulzar, the film has been set during the 1971 war between India and Pakistan. 
An RTI response revealed that between 2014 and 2017, the Modi government has provided nearly ? 68 crore as subsidy to states to run slaughterhouses. The Ministry for Food Processing Industries said that the subsidy was provided for a scheme run by the government for the establishment and modernisation of slaughterhouses. A local JD( U) leader from Darbhanga had filed the RTI. 
Rajinikanth' s daughter Soundarya Rajinikanth and her husband Ashwin Ramkumar were legally granted a divorce by a family court in Chennai on Tuesday. Soundarya Rajinikanth had confirmed her separation in September last year while tweeting, " We have been separated for over a year. " Nothing has been revealed yet about the custody of their son. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra was among the front- row attendees at Italian fashion house Giorgio Armani' s Haute Couture Fall/ Winter 2017- 2018 show at Paris Fashion Week. She wore a white asymmetrical Armani couture dress and a pair of brogues at the event. Other front- row attendees included actresses Kate Winslet, Sophia Loren and Isabelle Huppert. 
Filmmaker Alphonse Puthren wrote in a Facebook post that Kamal Haasan should be the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for a day similar to the storyline of the film ' Mudhalvan' . " [ H] ope it happens soon. He would take government to next level with his innovative ideas, " he added. Alphonse further said if he has said something wrong he should be forgiven. 
A picture of Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan from the sets of Aanand L Rai' s upcoming film has surfaced online. Salman will be part of a dance sequence in the yet to be titled film. As per reports, Shah Rukh will portray the role of a dwarf in the film, which will also star Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma. 
Delhi High Court on Tuesday observed that the way graveyards are expanding in the state, there would be no place to live. Asking the authorities to find out best burial practices followed elsewhere in the world, the bench remarked, " Hindus started opting for electric cremation as there may not be enough wood. . . what can be the substitute for Muslims? " 
A hotel in Bengaluru denied a room to an interfaith married couple on Tuesday stating that they do not give rooms to Muslims and Hindus who are together. The receptionist was quoted saying that he hails from a place where Hindus do not marry Muslims. He further said it is possible that interfaith couples just " go into the room and hang themselves" . 
Windies' highest run scorer in T20Is, Chris Gayle has been included in the 13- man squad for the one- off T20I against India, marking his return to the international circuit after a 15- month gap. Gayle' s last international match was the World T20 final against England in April 2016. The T20I match between India and Windies will be held on July 9. 
Chinese ambassador to India Luo Zhaohui on Tuesday said that India- China military standoff in the Sikkim section is " grave" . There is " no scope for a compromise" in the region, Zhaohui asserted. He added that withdrawal of Indian troops from the area is a " pre- condition for any meaningful dialogue between China and India" to achieve a peaceful resolution to the conflict. 
Amid the India- China standoff in Sikkim, Chinese state media on Tuesday said, " [ W] e must teach New Delhi a bitter lesson. " It said, " India will suffer greater losses than in 1962 if it incites military conflicts" , and the Indian military will be " kicked out of the area by Chinese soldiers" . It added that India is acting " shamelessly" before the international community. 
Only 16% of the 115 militants who tried to cross the Line of Control this year to enter Jammu and Kashmir succeeded till May 31, according to Home Ministry officials. Reportedly, 119 terrorists managed to enter the country last year. This comes after the Home Ministry said 88 Kashmiri youths joined militancy in 2016, the highest in last six years. 
A 24- year- old businessman allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the Bandra- Worli Sea Link in Mumbai at 3 AM on Sunday. A police officer said Pawanjeet Singh Kohli had been depressed since he heard the news of his former girlfriend' s engagement and had googled the fastest way to kill himself. However, police officers have filed an accidental death report. 
Snapdeal' s board has rejected a takeover offer of $ 800- 850 million ( around ? 5, 500 crore) from larger e- commerce rival Flipkart, according to multiple reports. Snapdeal' s board felt the proposed takeover amount undervalues the company, reports added. While this offer has been rejected, talks are still said to be on between Snapdeal and Flipkart for a possible deal. 
The government has allowed the use of stickers with revised rates for pre- packaged items, along with the printed MRP till September 30. The clarification came as several businesses were left with unsold stock as they carried pre- GST rates. However, the printed MRP will have to include the GST rate and no stickers would be allowed after September 30. 
Film- television producer Ekta Kapoor has said that she felt angry after watching the film Lipstick Under My Burkha. She added, " I saw the film and realised we really live in a world where as women we are not allowed to do or say anything. " Notably, the film will be distributed by Ekta Kapoor' s ALT Balaji and Balaji Motion Pictures. 
The CBI on Tuesday asked a Terrorist and Disruptive Activities ( Prevention) Act ( TADA) court in Mumbai that Abu Salem, a convict in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, be sentenced to life in prison. Abu Salem along with Mustafa Dossa, Firoz Abdul Rashid Khan, Tahir Merchant, Karimullah Khan, and Riyaz Siddique were found guilty in the case on June 16. 
A joint team of Rajasthan ATS and Chennai Police on Tuesday detained a suspected ISIS operator from Burma Bazaar locality in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. The 30- year- old is suspected of collecting and sending funds and recruiting youth for the terror group. The ATS is scanning the detained man' s bank accounts to check the money flow and his terror links. 
A Telangana police sub- inspector has been caught on camera assaulting a physically challenged person who had accompanied his brother to the Siddipet police station. The CCTV footage shows that the accused dragged the victim by his hair, beat him up and pushed him to the ground, following which he had to crawl into the police station. 
Kapil Malhotra, manager of Team India during the Champions Trophy, has written in his report that he did not see much communication between then coach Anil Kumble and captain Virat Kohli. He said Kohli was " very positive, always approachable, even when the team had a bad day on the field" . Kapil added he found Kumble to be " slightly reserved" initially. 
Researchers have developed technology for smart car headlights that let drivers see through heavy rain or snow. The system tracks motion of raindrops and then applies an algorithm to predict where those particles will be a few moments later. It then deactivates light beams that would reflect off the particles in their predicted positions, preventing glare that would distract drivers. 
A video of Maharashtra BJP leader Ravindra Bawanthade kissing a woman in a moving bus has surfaced, following which the woman has filed a rape case against the man. The woman told the police that Bawanthade had promised that he will marry her and also get her a job. Ever since the video went viral, the politician has been absconding. 
China has deployed a Yuan class- conventional diesel- electric submarine in the Indian Ocean region, its seventh submarine to be deployed in the region. According to the Indian Navy, Chinese warships and submarines in the region appeared in 2013- 14. Moreover, it also has its Haiwngxing spy ship deployed which picks up electronic signals that can be returned to Beijing for analysis. 
Andhra Pradesh Excise Minister KS Jawahar termed beer a ' health drink' while speaking at a TV talk show. " Beer is a health drink and that is why his government is promoting its sale in the state" , he said. The state is planning to open round- the- clock ' beer parlours' in the state to attract foreign tourists. 
A bill banning hookah bars in Gujarat has been cleared by President Pranab Mukherjee, violation of which will attract a maximum fine of ? 50, 000 and a jail term of up to three years. ? Smoking a hookah is far more injurious to health than a cigarette. Our aim is to protect youth from this deadly addiction, " a Gujarat Minister said. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra was slammed for allegedly getting a lip job, after she shared a picture on Instagram recently. Users claimed that her lips looked fuller than before. A user commented, " Priyanka Chopra is a plastic beauty" , while another user wrote, " Why do they even get their lips done. They look so weird. " nn
A wheelchair- bound man Mohammad Imran Qureshi plans to organise a 45- day skill development camp for the physically disabled this month. The workshop will provide training on how to use a wheelchair to its maximum capacity at public places and on difficult terrains. Imran said he is doing this for a social cause so that government organises such workshops across the state. 
Delhi High Court on Monday launched a helpline number- 1888 for litigants and lawyers to provide an easy access to justice. Initially, the helpline was proposed for making advanced reservations of wheelchairs to facilitate movement around the court for differently abled persons. The facility would expand over time to include information dispensation related to case- filing, legal aid among others. 
The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Limited ( BMRCL) officials have covered the Hindi words on signboards outside metro stations after pro- Kannada organisations issued a warning in this regard expressing displeasure. The activists started online campaign # NammaMetroHindiBeda to remove Hindi signage and the BMRCL took the step to cover the Hindi words in order to avoid any more trouble. 
The BCCI is set to appoint a professional manager for the Indian cricket team. The move has come after the Committee of Administrators deemed the reports by BCCI representatives acting as managers had little meaning. Notably, the team' s administrative manager, in his Champions Trophy report, had made no mention of the rift between then coach Anil Kumble and Virat Kohli. 
World number three tennis player, Switzerland' s Stanislas Wawrinka, crashed out of the Wimbledon in the first round after suffering a 4- 6, 6- 3, 4- 6, 1- 6 defeat against 21- year- old debutant Russia' s Daniil Medvedev. Defending champion Andy Murray, who is currently ranked world number one, and Spanish star Rafael Nadal also won their respective first round matchups. 
Actor Aamir Khan' s spokesperson has clarified that his film Dangal has not earned ? 2, 000 crore yet. The spokesperson said, " We want to clarify that Dangal' s official worldwide gross collection figure as of Thursday is ? 1, 864 crore. " The spokesperson added what is of most value for Aamir and Dangal' s team is the immense love the film received from its audience worldwide. 
A tea stall in Gujarat' s Vadnagar railway station where PM Narendra Modi used to sell tea during his childhood is set to become a tourist spot. Union Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma visited the place on Sunday and said the tea stall will be developed as a part of a ? 100- crore project to develop Vadnagar and surrounding areas as tourist destinations. 
China on Monday responded to India' s statement saying it is also different from the China of 1962. " [ T] o some extent he is right in saying India in 2017 is different from India in 1962, just like China is also different, " said a spokesperson. China has also claimed that India is using " excuse of Bhutan' s interests to infringe upon China' s territory" . 
China on Monday supported its claim of India trespassing in its territory by citing the 1890 Sikkim- Tibet treaty, and said that India' s first PM Jawaharlal Nehru " explicitly recognised" it. However, it rejects what Nehru had written about the 1842 treaty on Ladakh and the drawing of the McMahon line in Simla in 1914, in the same letter in 1959. 
A group of cow vigilantes stopped three vehicles transporting cows and beat up the drivers on the outskirts of Guwahati in Assam, accusing them of cattle smuggling. As per reports, the attackers claimed that they belong to Hindu Yuva Chhatra Parishad. The incident comes after PM Narendra Modi said, " Killing people in the name of ' gau bhakti' is not acceptable. " 
A man in Odisha' s Puri area carried the dead body of his daughter on a trolley from a hospital as the mortuary vehicle failed to arrive on time. The man had taken his daughter to the hospital after she complained of chest pain, but the doctors declared her dead. The district administration has ordered a probe into the matter. 
In the wake of a viral video showing passengers fanning themselves due to a malfunctioned AC on an Air India flight, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation said prima facie it appeared the pilot violated the Standard Operating Procedure ( SOP) . The aviation watchdog said it would probe the incident, after passengers claimed the AC was not working even before take- off. 
The Indian Railways has decided to allow foreigners to book train tickets 360 days in advance, extended from the current 120 days. However, they can book tickets only in first AC, second AC and executive class of mail express trains, Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Gatimaan and Tejas trains. A service charge of ? 200 per ticket will be levied while booking. 
Punjab National Bank ( PNB) Maestro debit card holders will face card blockage if they fail to replace it with a more secure EMV chip based card by July 31. New replacement cards will be provided free of cost to the customers. Earlier, RBI had directed all banks to migrate to EMV chip based cards by December 31, 2018. 
A newborn was declared dead by doctors in a hospital in Telangana but was found alive before being buried on Sunday. The parents noticed some movement after the hospital had declared the infant dead and immediately visited the hospital for treatment. However, the baby was declared dead after a few hours of treatment. 
TV actress Ankita Lokhande will star in the Kangana Ranaut starrer ' Manikarnika: The Queen Of Jhansi' . She' ll play Jhalkaribai, a female soldier in Rani Laxmibai' s army in the film. " I' m indebted. . . for this challenging role in a big- budget film scripted by Baahubali writer. . . alongside a National Award- winning actress like Kangana, who exudes power and is an inspiration to all women, " said Ankita. 
The CISF security cover at the Delhi Airport has been rated the best service in the world by quality rating agency World Quality Congress. CISF said keeping a check on criminal activities at the airport and restoring passengers' forgotten items have helped it fetch the award. The WQC will hand over the award to CISF later this week in Mumbai. 
A Muslim reporter claimed that he was stopped by Bajrang Dal activists on a highway in Bihar, who asked him to chant ' Jai Shri Ram' or they will set his car on fire. Munne Bharti wrote in a Facebook post that the men made him chant when they saw his wife wearing a nikab and his father sporting a beard. 
BJP President Amit Shah on Sunday addressed a public meeting at Goa International Airport, following which a lawyer filed a complaint terming it a " gross abuse of power. " Hundreds of people including Goa CM Manohar Parrikar attended the meeting, which was right outside the airport. A congregation of people outside airports is barred by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation. 
Reacting to the Indian women' s cricket team' s win over Pakistan in the ICC Women' s World Cup 2017 on Sunday, actor Ritesh Deshmukh tweeted, " Our Bowling today is something else. . . Indian Women' s Cricket Team. . . Come On # INDvPAK. " Virender Sehwag tweeted, " Congratulations @ BCCIWomen on a fabulous victory against Pakistan in the ICC # WWC17. Hats off on such a spirited effort. # INDvPAK. " 
Hoardings demanding independence by Khalistani separatist groups have emerged at various places in Punjab. The hoardings carried slogans like ' Azadi Hi Hal ( solution) , Punjab Independence 2020 Referendum' . Calling for the removal of the hoardings, State Secretary of the BJP in Punjab Vineet Joshi said, " It is a sinister attempt to disturb the peace and harmony of Punjab by anti- national forces. " 
Rapper Kanye West has reportedly quit Jay- Z' s music streaming startup Tidal over a dispute regarding money. According to reports, West complained that Tidal owes him over ? 19. 4 crore. Tidal has also been accused of going back on its promise of reimbursing West for music videos, but the startup said that West did not deliver the videos required by the contract. 
The panchayat of a village in Rajasthan has issued an order prohibiting girls from wearing jeans or keeping mobile phones. The panchayat also decided that any dispute regarding the order would be referred to the panchayat head Phauran Singh and not to the police. Prohibition of liquor, betting and stopping intake of gutkha were other issues that were discussed. 
The billionaire Chairman of Bharti Airtel, Sunil Bharti Mittal took home a salary of over ? 30 crore in the financial year 2016- 17. His annual package was over 8% higher than the previous year when Mittal had drawn a salary of ? 27. 8 crore. Mittal was re- appointed as Chairman of the company last year for a five- year term. 
A female senior police officer, who had confronted a mob of BJP workers, is among the 234 officers who received transfer orders in Uttar Pradesh. Senior officer Shreshtha Thakur' s video of handling the mob and arresting five for bullying had earlier gone viral. Thakur was reportedly transferred following a meeting of BJP MLAs and MPs with UP CM Yogi Adityanath. 
The annual media trip to Tibet organised by China for journalists from its neighbouring countries has been cancelled for five Indian journalists amid the India- China stand- off. No official reason was given by Chinese embassy officials. Indian Association of Foreign Affairs Correspondents Convenor Vijay Naik said the Chinese may be waiting for a conducive atmosphere to resume the media programme. 
Market regulator SEBI has imposed a ? 27 lakh fine on Sungold Capital and its three executive directors for allegedly violating public holding and disclosure norms. The firm was fined ? 5 lakh and the directors were fined ? 10 lakh for providing " false and misleading information" to stock exchanges. Chairman Rajiv Kotia was penalised ? 12 lakh for failing to disclose family' s shareholding. 
Actress Sridevi has denied reports of her younger daughter Khushi Kapoor auditioning for a television dance reality show. " The other day, we were laughing at the rumour, " added Sridevi. It was reported that Khushi auditioned for Remo D' Souza' s dance show and did not reveal her identity. Reportedly, she was not recognised until she performed before Remo. 
Aadhaar- issuing authority UIDAI has asked the states to ensure that all enrolments, even those by private agencies, shift to government premises from external sites by September this year. The move will affect 25, 000 active enrolment centres across India. The decision is a part of the government' s effort to curb the cases of overcharging by private operators. 
PM Narendra Modi has said there has been a 45% decrease in deposits by Indians in Swiss banks. Addressing chartered accountants on the foundation day of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, Modi said the deposits had risen sharply in 2013. He added people with black money will face more difficulties when Switzerland begins automatic information exchange in two years. 
Union Minister Ramdas Athawale on Saturday said that the Champions Trophy final between India and Pakistan appeared to be " fixed" and demanded an inquiry into the matter. " How could [ Indian] cricketers, who played so well in the entire tournament, did not perform in the final ? " he added. Pakistan defeated India by 180 runs in the final on June 18. 
Amid the current stand- off, China has released a map claiming a tri- junction, which is in conflict with India' s and Bhutan' s territorial claims. The map claims the Indian Army crossed the border at Doka La pass, which India and Bhutan consider Bhutanese territory but is claimed by China. Further, China marks its territory far south of where India and Bhutan do. 
The Aam Aadmi Party will support UPA' s nominee and former Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar in the presidential election, as per reports. An official decision in this regard would reportedly be taken by AAP' s Political Affairs Committee. The political party has further debunked reports claiming that the AAP would not take part in the presidential elections. 
Actor Saqib Saleem has denied rumours of dating Taapsee Pannu and said that she is his dearest friend. He added, " We are really comfortable in each other' s company. She has an amazing sense of humour, and I love spending time with her. " Rumours of the two dating started when they reportedly went out for dinner on Taapsee' s birthday in August 2016. 
Actor Minaketan Das, known for his roles in Odia films and television series, passed away aged 56 after prolonged illness due to pancreatic cancer. He was undergoing treatment at a Mumbai hospital. Known for playing negative roles, ' Balunga Toka' , ' Jianta Bhuta' and ' Most Wanted' were among Minaketan' s popular films. 
UP' s Special Task Force has arrested two people who allegedly duped nine individuals, withdrawing over ? 45 lakh from their accounts by exploiting loopholes in the government' s BHIM app. One of the accused allegedly leaked debit card numbers and other details to carry out 240 transactions over 40 days. A former Axis Bank employee was among the two arrested. 
Over 60 retired IAS and IPS officers have written an open letter to the Narendra Modi government asking it to enforce the rule of law and not allow vigilantism to grow. " Gau rakshaks function with impunity and seem to be doing so with the tacit complicity or active encouragement of state machinery, " the ex- bureaucrats said. 
Filmmaker Praveen Vyas has sent a legal notice to the makers of ' Toilet- Ek Prem Katha' , accusing them of copying his 2016 documentary Manini. " Since they' ve. . . refused to monetarily compensate us for the origin of idea and script, we will now be fighting this in court, " said Vyas. Toilet Ek Prem Katha is a take on PM Modi' s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. 
Jammu and Kashmir Police has confirmed that two militants, including Lashkar- e- Taiba commander Bashir Lashkari, have been killed in Anantnag following an encounter with security forces on Saturday. Two civilians were also killed and over ten were injured in the crossfire. Lashkari was one of the most wanted Lashkar commanders who carried a bounty of ? 10 lakh. 
Technology major Adobe' s CEO Shantanu Narayen and former US Surgeon General Vivek Murthy are the two Indian- Americans among 38 individuals who will be honoured with the Great Immigrants award in the US this year. Narayen, who is originally from Hyderabad, joined Adobe in 1998 and was named one of the world' s best CEOs by Barron' s magazine in 2016. 
A Delhi- bound IndiGo flight carrying 174 passengers was evacuated within 60 seconds at Patna Airport on Friday after smoke was detected in its cabin, the airline said. IndiGo said the incident was caused due to a " suspected engine stall. " BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi and Union Minister Ram Kripal Yadav were stuck at the airport because air traffic was suspended. 
The Goods and Services Tax ( GST) was first proposed 17 years ago, when the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee formed a GST committee. A proposed model was first placed during 2006 Budget speech, and the then Finance Minister P Chidambaram announced in 2010 that GST will be implemented from April 2011. It finally got President' s approval in September 2016. 
KK Venugopal, India' s new Attorney General, is a senior Supreme Court advocate who hails from Kerala. The 86- year- old started his legal career in Mysore in 1954, before practising at the Madras High Court under his father. He grew up in Mangalore and studied law at Raja Lakhamgouda Law College, Karnataka. He was conferred with the Padma Vibhushan in 2015. 
A 108 ambulance driver has been arrested in Maharashtra for allegedly smuggling liquor in the vehicle. The police intercepted the accused after a tip- off and found 25 bottles of Indian Made Foreign Liquor ( IMFL) worth ? 5, 000 hidden inside. The driver was placed under suspension, according to reports. 
Bombay High Court on Friday stated that after the death of Manjula Shetye, a female convict at Mumbai' s Byculla jail, the issue of security of inmates has become important and it needs to be looked into. The statement was in response to a petition by a convict in Yerwada Central Jail who complained of inhuman treatment of his fellow inmates. 
Congress leader Anand Sharma on Friday said that the Parliament' s midnight session for the GST launch was an insult to the 1947 midnight session where former PM Jawaharlal Nehru announced the country' s independence. " We cannot compare a tax launch with the country' s independence. . . There have been more important milestones in past but no midnight session was called for them, " he added. 
Defence Minister Arun Jaitley has said that China is trying to enter India' s territory and added that India is not entering into any country' s land. Further reacting to China asking India to withdraw troops from Bhutan border areas and recall the 1962 war, Jaitley said, " India of 2017 is different from India of 1962. Those were different situations. " 
A 31- year- old man has been arrested for masturbating mid- air and inappropriately touching a woman passenger on board a Bengaluru- Mumbai flight. The woman co- passenger woke up from her sleep to find the man masturbating and raised an alarm. When the airline crew reached the seat, the man denied the woman' s allegation, however, he was fixing the zip of his trousers. 
The Central Board of Excise and Customs ( CBEC) on Friday announced that July 1 will be known as ? GST Day? . It will be celebrated in all offices of CBEC just like in case of Central Excise Day and International Customs Day, the board said. This comes ahead of the launch of GST, which is scheduled for July 1. 
NITI Aayog member Bibek Debroy has rejected the claim that GST would increase GDP growth rate by 1. 5% , stating it as " total rubbish" . " Such speculations are based on the assessment of the 13th Finance Commission, which gave that figure for an ideal GST. We are nowhere near an ideal GST, " Debroy said. He termed multiple rates as GST' s biggest problem. 
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday that the Congress- led Opposition' s boycott of tonight' s GST launch event will not stop it. " Karvan toh chalta rahega ( Caravan will keep moving) . Those who will not take part, would not stop it even if they take part, " he said. He added that the Congress' " narrow attitude will not stop the nation" . 
Researchers have developed self- propelled microbots that remove disease- causing bacteria from water. The " two- faced" spherical bots have a magnesium side which reacts with water to produce hydrogen bubbles to propel them. The other face with gold traps bacteria which are then killed by the silver nanoparticles with an 80% efficiency. The bots can be easily removed from water using a magnet. 
The GST launch event, scheduled for 11 pm at the Parliament House tonight, will start with the national anthem, followed by remarks by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. A film and presentation on GST will be screened, lasting about five minutes. It will be followed by an address by the Prime Minister and the President, after which GST will be launched. 
Virat Kohli has said that the appointment of Indian team' s new coach is in BCCI' s control and he and the team will give opinions only if BCCI asks. Kohli added that the team is currently focused entirely on the Windies series and not on anything else. Notably, BCCI will finalise the coach before India' s tour of Sri Lanka next month. 
Model Gigi Hadid has said she cannot pull off the clothes that singer Rihanna can. " [ B] ut she makes me excited about getting dressed. . . which is inspiring, " she added. Gigi further said the best fashion tip she has received is if she does not know what to wear to a party, she should just wear jeans, a T- shirt and heels. 
Pakistan has put a ban on Tehreek- e- Azadi- Jammu & Kashmir ( TAJK) , the new terror outfit of the 26/ 11 Mumbai attack mastermind and Jamaat- ud- Dawa ( JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed. Saeed' s previous terror fronts Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) and JuD were declared terrorist organisations by the US, after which he started running his activities under the TAJK banner. Pakistan had earlier put him on house arrest. 
The last India- China stand- off had taken place in 1967, when over 80 Indian and 300- 400 Chinese soldiers were martyred. It had started after the Chinese objected to India putting a wire along the perceived border agreed upon by both sides. A stand- off at the Cho La pass forced the Chinese to withdraw nearly three kilometres away. 
In the second such instance in a week, a man accused of raping and killing an eight- year- old was beaten to death by a mob in Dumka district of Jharkhand on Wednesday. The deceased, Mithun Hansda, was drunk when he allegedly misbehaved with several girls before abducting one of them. The villagers later tied him to a tree and thrashed him. 
The number of farmer suicides in Madhya Pradesh since June 6, the day six farmers were killed in the Mandsaur police firing, has reached 42. As per reports, as many as eight farmers have killed themselves in the past 24 hours across the state. Sehore district has topped the list of places with the maximum number of farmer suicides. 
Around 500 GST officials in Mumbai are working in an office with leaky roofs and no electricity. A chunk of the ceiling of a Deputy Commissioner' s cabin collapsed while he was working six feet away. Further, the conference room' s ceiling collapsed, while one part of the building has no electricity. Officials also reportedly work on computers with umbrellas open overhead. 
Anil Ambani said his father, late Dhirubhai Ambani, enjoyed creating wealth for people the most. " If you ever asked what part of being an entrepreneur he enjoyed. . . he' d say, ' I enjoy creating wealth. But what I enjoy even more is creating wealth for the people of the country' , " Ambani said. Notably, Dhirubhai Ambani is regarded as father of India' s capital markets. 
On being asked about her marriage plans, actress Priyanka Chopra said, " Let' s just say that the option is always open. " She added that the pace and time commitments of being an actor are not easy to handle and her partner will have to understand and support that. " At the end of the day, two people make a relationship work, " said Priyanka. 
Several pregnant women protested outside a government hospital in Telangana on Tuesday after being asked to go to a hospital located an hour' s drive away. Reportedly, this was because there were no available gynaecologists to deliver the babies or offer medical treatment. The protest ended after the police reached the spot and the women received reassurance by the hospital' s superintendent. 
The JD( U) has slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for making cow a national agenda to polarise votes. " PM has had to appeal the gau rakshaks for the second time not to kill people in the name of cow. . . PM was not interested in gau seva but polarisation of votes in the name of gau, " JD( U) spokesperson Neeraj Kumar said. 
Money held by Indians in Switzerland banks fell to a record low of 676 million Swiss francs ( ? 4, 500 crore) in 2016. Marking the third straight year of decline, this is the lowest Indians held in Swiss banks since Switzerland began making the data public in 1987. Total money held by Indians fell 45% , marking the biggest- ever yearly decline. 
A secondary school in the UK is offering hijabs or headscarves worn by Muslims as part of the uniform for pupils, becoming the first school in the country to do so. However, Muslim parents and pupils have complained that the uniform hijabs are not modest enough and could pose a suffocation risk if pulled back by other pupils. 
Evita Delmundo, who was born with large moles all over her face and body, has auditioned for the Miss Universe Malaysia beauty pageant. " I learnt to accept my birthmarks and love myself. I slowly gained confidence to show off my uniqueness, " said Evita. The pageant' s official Facebook page described Evita as an " empowering 20- year- old" while sharing an article on her. 
Industrialist Anil Ambani has termed GST as India' s " economic freedom" , adding it would make the country the biggest free and democratic market in the history of humankind. Ambani said there are moments in the life of a nation when history is made in giant leaps of ambition. " We. . . are privileged to bear witness to one such moment in time, " he added. 
An Australian man named Meow- Ludo Disco Gamma Meow- Meow has implanted a travel card chip into his left hand, enabling him to tap in and out at train stations. He said his new implant gives him " an ability not everyone else has, " and added, " If someone stole my wallet, I could still get home. " Meow- Meow has another implant for important documents. 
In a letter to the Indian sports ministry, suspended wrestler Narsingh Yadav has questioned Olympic medal- winning wrestler Sushil Kumar' s appointment as a national observer, alleging a conflict of interest in Sushil' s appointment. Narsingh alleges that in his role as the observer Sushil would favour wrestlers from Chhatrasal Stadium' s akhada, which is run by Sushil' s father- in- law Satpal Singh. 
Indian cricket team' s former bowling coach, Venkatesh Prasad has reportedly applied for the position of the team' s head coach. Prasad is set to complete his three- year term as the junior India chief selector in September this year. Prasad, who was India' s bowling coach for two years after the 2007 ODI World Cup, played 33 Tests and 161 ODIs for India. 
India has voluntarily contributed $ 100, 000 to a UN fund to help developing countries actively participate in the discussion of tax issues, becoming the first country to voluntarily contribute. The UN Tax Trust Fund has called for voluntary contributions since its establishment in 2006. Handing over the cheque, India expressed hope that other countries would also contribute. 
An Air India employees' union has met NITI Aayog' s Arvind Panagariya and demanded the government waive the airline' s debt instead of selling it to a private player. Expressing concerns about the 25, 000 employees, it has further demanded salary dues should be cleared before Air India is privatised. Notably, the government has given in- principle approval for disinvestment of Air India. 
Odisha' s Home Guards Reserve Inspector Ashok Kumar Sethi made four Home Guards in the state go on their knees with their hands up as punishment for wearing improper uniform. Sethi said that he was chided by his seniors and he did not take the " disciplinary action" to embarrass them, but to make them realise " the essence of discipline" . 
FIFA is set to shift India' s Under- 17 World Cup matches from Mumbai to Delhi on request of India' s sports ministry. The first- ever FIFA event in India will be held across six cities from October 6. " We take requests from India' s government very seriously, as it is our main partner in organisation of the Under- 17 World Cup" , FIFA' s head of events said. 
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu announced a ? 50- lakh cash reward and a 1, 000- square- yard plot in the Amaravati region for shuttler Kidambi Srikanth after his Indonesia Open and Australian Open triumphs. The CM also presented ? 15 lakh to Srikanth' s coach, Pullela Gopichand. Notably, Srikanth became the first Indian badminton player to win two back- to- back Superseries titles. 
The Election Commission announced on Thursday that elections for the post of Vice- President will be held on August 5, and the counting will also take place on the same day. It added that the last date for submitting nominations is July 18 and the last date of withdrawing nomination is July 21, while scrutiny will take place on July 19. 
The Indian Railways earned ? 1, 400 crore through cancellation of reserved tickets on request of passengers, in FY 2016- 17. Further, the earnings from reserved ticket cancellations in 2015- 16 were ? 1, 123 crore, ? 908 crore in 2014- 15 and ? 938 crore in 2013- 14. The data was released by the Centre for Railway Information Systems ( CRIS) in response to an RTI query. 
British publication The Guardian has admitted its January 2017 report on a loophole in WhatsApp' s security system was incorrect. The report had claimed that the backdoor lets the Facebook- owned chat app intercept and read users' encrypted messages. The newspaper has said that " misinterpretations, mistakes and misunderstandings" happened at several stages of the article' s reporting process. 
The Punjab and Haryana High Court on Wednesday issued a stay on the amendment passed by the Punjab Assembly allowing hotels and restaurants along the state highways to serve liquor. This comes after an NGO filed a petition against the amendment. Earlier, the SC had banned the sale of liquor within 500 metres of state and national highways. 
A six- year- old girl in Meerut offered her piggy bank as bribe to police to arrest her mother' s killers. The girl named Manvi visited the office of Meerut' s Inspector General ( IG) of Police to seek justice for her mother, who allegedly committed suicide after harassment by her in- laws. The cops were demanding ? 50, 000, after which the child made the symbolic move. 
Pope Francis' chief financial adviser and third- highest Vatican official Cardinal George Pell was charged with multiple sexual assault offences on Thursday. He is the highest- ranking Vatican official to be charged in the church' s long- running sexual abuse scandal. Pell, accused of touching two boys inappropriately in a pool in the 1970s, has denied the allegations and vowed to " clear his name. " 
Indian WWE fighter Jinder Mahal is set to fight former champion Randy Orton for the WWE Championship belt on WWE Battleground' s Punjabi Prison match on July 23. Mahal will be defending his title after successfully defeating Orton in the ' Money in the Bank' . Notably, there have only been two Punjabi Prison matches in WWE' s history. 
The CBI has taken over the investigation of an alleged ? 500- crore online ponzi scam by Ghaziabad- based Webwork Trade Links. Actors Shah Rukh Khan and Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who endorsed the firm' s portal Addsbook. com, were also named in the complaint. The firm' s promoters collected money from two lakh people by luring them with payments for each click on advertisements on their website. 
As much as 75% of the road signage put up in Delhi and NCR are non- standard and wrongfully installed, according to a survey conducted by the Institute of Road Traffic Education. " Many accidents in recent times could have been averted if the road signage was up to the mark, " IRTE President Dr Rohit Baluja said. 
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday said that the central government' s GST implementation is an epic blunder like demonetisation. " Our repeated suggestions to take some more time to properly implement GST have fallen on deaf ears, " Mamata said. " Only 60 hours are left before this ill- planned launch and no one knows for sure what is happening, " she added. 
Speaking at a press conference organised by BJP leader Sushil Modi, Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) leader Sanoj Yadav has said that he is considering joining the BJP. This comes after Yadav made allegations that RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav' s son Tej Pratap had beaten him up during an Iftar party on June 23. 
Former tennis star Boris Becker, who was recently declared bankrupt by a London court, had his Porsche Cayenne GTS and electric blue Maserati GHIBLI- S towed by authorities in London. Becker has been slapped with two parking tickets after he left his cars outside a South Kensington private member' s club. Notably, Becker has failed to pay a long- standing debt since 2015. 
Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan has accused the Indian Army of raping women in Kashmir, Jharkhand, and Assam, and added that females beat up soldiers and cut their private parts in revenge. " India' s truth is that women are forced to act against Army rapists. It is a message that Hindustan should be ashamed of, " Khan added. 
Pictures from Junior NTR' s upcoming Telugu film Jai Lava Kusa were leaked online, following which the film' s production house stated that some of the culprits who leaked the content have been identified and arrested. The makers requested fans on Twitter not to share those leaked images as they are part of a crucial scene in the film. 
A Muslim man was beaten up and his house was set on fire by a mob after a headless carcass of a cow was found near his home in Jharkhand' s Giridih district on Tuesday. The police reportedly reached the spot and rescued the man and his family. The victim was admitted to a hospital and is stated to be stable. 
China on Wednesday launched its biggest new generation destroyer weighing 10, 000 tonnes as part of a massive expansion of its navy. The country' s first new generation destroyer is equipped with new air defence, anti- missile, anti- ship and anti- submarine weapons. This comes after China recently launched its first domestically built aircraft carrier amid North Korea' s nuclear threats to the US. 
Tamil Nadu Milk and Dairy Products Development Minister Rajenthra Bhalaji has alleged that products of private milk producers are adulterated. In a press briefing, Bhalaji held milk products by Nestle and Reliance, affirming that he had laboratory results which show that these are contaminated. He further alleged that there are contents of caustic soda and bleaching powder in the products. 
As per reports, actor Rajinikanth will be seeking advice about his entry into politics from old friends whose judgement he trusts, including Amitabh Bachchan. Rajinikanth' s family is said to be against him joining politics. A source was quoted as saying, " They ( Rajinikanth' s family) cite the example of Amitabh Bachchan, who to this day, regrets his sticky stint in politics. " 
Bengaluru Police has arrested a conman accused of cheating over 100 women on matrimonial sites and duping them of money after promising to marry them. Police said the man introduced himself to ' lonely and divorced women' on matrimonial websites and gained their trust to borrow large sums of money before escaping. They added he kept changing names to cheat women. 
An ambulance was stopped to let former PM Deve Gowda' s car pass in Karnataka' s Chikkaballapur on Tuesday. The ambulance, rushing an accident victim to a hospital, was initially given clearance, but later stopped near Gowda' s car. " I am not a person to have any privileges. . . I am only a small politician. I did not see the ambulance at all" , Gowda said. 
The Women and Child Development Ministry is setting up cradles at police stations, hospitals, and orphanages across the country where parents can leave their child for adoption. Cradles will be accompanied by a bell to notify the authorities at the premises. WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi called it a ' humane and anonymous method' for parents to put babies up for adoption. 
American tennis player Serena Williams, who is seven months pregnant, has posed nude on the cover of the August edition of Vanity Fair. In an interview to the magazine, Williams revealed she took at least five tests to confirm the pregnancy. Serena, who is engaged to the Reddit Co- founder Alexis Ohanian, won the Australian Open while she was pregnant. 
Kerala' s traditional snake boat racing, which is held during Onam, is set to become an IPL- like league- based sport with the inaugural edition of the Kerala Boat Race League scheduled to start in August this year. The league, comprising nine races, will feature snake boats, which are usually 100- foot long and require around a hundred rowers to ride. 
The World Bank has cleared a $ 250- million ( over ? 1, 610 crore) loan for making Indians more employable through re- skilling, under the government' s Skill India mission. The programme is targetted at people between 15- 59 years of age who are underemployed and unemployed. It also mandates the provision of entrepreneurship opportunities to women and to increase their exposure to skill training. 
Singer Ed Sheeran, responding to accusations of not performing live during his Glastonbury concert, tweeted, " Never thought I would have to explain it, but everything I do in my live show is live. . . it' s a loop station. . . not a backing track. " Sheeran was accused of using backing tracks after he was not seen playing the guitar while its sound was heard during the concert. n
One of Israel' s leading newspapers described Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as " the most important PM of the world" ahead of his visit to the country. Israelis had huge expectations from US President Donald Trump' s visit, but " he did not say much" , the newspaper said. It added that Modi, the leader of 1. 25 billion people, deserves a lot of attention. 
At least five people were killed and nine suffered burn injuries when an LPG cylinder exploded at a tea stall in Delhi' s Okhla Phase I on Monday. As per reports, wedding preparations were going on at the site of the accident. Two jhuggies ( shanties) located near the tea stall were also engulfed in the fire. 
The Congress- led Opposition' s President nominee Meira Kumar on Tuesday said that the presidential poll contest with BJP- led NDA' s candidate Ram Nath Kovind is not a political war but a fight of ideologies. " Sad caste is a factor in election. . . Pained by discussion over my caste. Why does not the society rise above these divisions, " the former Lok Sabha Speaker added. 
Terrorist group al- Qaeda has said it will target Hindu separatist organisations which are involved in the destruction of mosques and the killing or forced conversion of Muslims. Pledging to target the leadership of India' s military, police, secret agencies, al- Qaeda specified to aim " those officers of the military who have the blood of our Kashmiri brothers on their hands" . 
Following the Formula One crash between Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel, Hamilton said, " If he ( Vettel) wants to prove that he is a man, I think he should do it out of the car face to face. " Hamilton said that Vettel had disgraced himself by deliberately driving into his car at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix on Sunday. 
Six months after being stabbed in her left playing hand, Czech tennis player Petra Kvitova won her first tournament at the Aegon Classic on Sunday. World number 12 Kvitova, playing in her second tournament since the December incident, beat Australian Ashleigh Barty 4- 6, 6- 3, 6- 3 in Birmingham. Kvitova had returned to action at the French Open in late May. 
A video of PM Narendra Modi reaching the White House on Monday shows two guards opening both the back doors of the car. As no one came out of the left door, a user tweeted the video saying " 1. Modi' s car arrives 2. Guard salutes 3. Goes to open the door for Mrs Modi 4. NO Mrs Modi ? ? ? " . 
UP Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has ordered all party functionaries, MLAs, ministers and government officials to adopt at least one primary school in the state and revamp them within a year. The announcement came as the Yogi government completes its 100 days in power. " Adopting schools personally will get each school adequate attention, " said BJP spokesperson Chandra Mohan. 
United States President Donald Trump has accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s invitation to visit India, the White House announced on Monday. Inviting Trump and his family, Modi had said, " I hope that you will give me the opportunity to welcome you and host you in India. " Meanwhile, he separately invited Trump' s daughter Ivanka to the Global Entrepreneurship Summit in India. 
State- owned telecom operator MTNL has said it expects to repay ? 125 crore debt to a public sector bank before June- end. Stating that ? 495 crore of long- term loan will come up for repayment this fiscal, Chairman PK Purwar said MTNL is confident of meeting its obligations in this regard. Earlier, MTNL sought government aid for high employee cost of ? 2, 800 crore. 
Central Vigilance Commission can now probe corruption allegations against private sector banks and their employees. This comes after Supreme Court ruled that all officials working in banks operating under RBI licence would be defined as public servants under Prevention of Corruption Act. The necessary mechanism has now been set up and corruption cases in these banks are being looked into. 
According to reports, Sridevi' s daughter Jhanvi Kapoor will feature in the Hindi remake of 2014 Hollywood film ' The Fault In Our Stars' . Actor Shahid Kapoor' s half- brother Ishaan Khattar will also be seen in the film. Reports suggest that this will be Jhanvi' s debut film in Bollywood. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who is currently in the United States as part of his three- nation tour, said that there has not been a single taint on his government in the past three years. Asserting that " Indians hate corruption" , Modi added, " Corruption was the main reason why governments in India were voted out in the past. " 
Indrani Mukerjea, accused of killing her daughter Sheena Bora, was named in a FIR for rioting in Mumbai' s Byculla women' s prison after the death of an inmate on Saturday. The complaint, which names 250 prisoners, claims that the riots started after an inmate who was allegedly tortured by prison authorities died. Six jail officials have been suspended after the incident. 
A 26- year- old entered a restricted forest area of Karnataka' s Thattekere Lake and lost his arm in an attack by a crocodile while trying to help his two dogs out of the lake. The incident happened when the IIT graduate, who is also a CEO of a startup, was out on a trekking expedition along with a friend and his dogs. 
A photojournalist from Delhi has shared a picture showing a Hindu and a Muslim praying at Delhi' s Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya Dargah. He posted the picture in a tweet, with the caption " A Hindu Posture of Praying, right, and a Muslim Posture of Praying, left. . . at the Sufi Shrine of Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya in Delhi" . 
Delhi Metro Rail Corporation' s first automated driverless metro trains are set to start operations from October this year on new Magenta Line from Janakpuri West to Botanical Garden. The new metro corridor, which has missed two deadlines in the past, would be partially thrown open to the public in October. Currently, test runs are being conducted for the driverless trains. 
Nationalist Congress Party President Sharad Pawar said that he expected the BJP- led NDA to field " someone like LK Advani or Murli Manohar Joshi" for the presidential election. The NDA must have had some other criteria because of which they did not pick Advani or Joshi who is a scholar, has a PhD degree and was a university professor, he added. 
Swiss tennis player Roger Federer registered his career' s 100th title, winning the Halle Open in Germany on Sunday. The victory was Federer' s 16th grass court and 92nd singles title, his fourth this year, after wins at the Australian Open, Indian Wells and Miami Open. The 18- time Grand Slam champion is the 10th to reach the landmark of 100 career titles. 
The ICC' s Chief Executives' Committee has approved the recommendations made by the council' s cricket committee, following which teams will not lose their DRS reviews on an ' umpire' s call' verdict in LBWs. Additionally, the 80- over top- up of reviews in Test cricket has been removed, while DRS will now also be available in T20Is. The new regulations will be effective October 1. 
Several government websites in the US state of Ohio were hacked on Sunday with a message that purports to be supportive of the Islamic State. " You will be held accountable Trump, you and all your people for every drop of blood flowing in Muslim countries, " read the message. All affected servers were taken offline and authorities are investigating the incident. 
People in Haryana' s Kandhawali village wore black arm bands during Eid namaaz to protest against the lynching of 17- year- old Junaid on a train last week. Junaid' s brothers were also injured by the mob. According to one of his brothers, Hashim, the 20- 25 people who attacked them, pointed to the caps on their heads, and called them Pakistani, anti- national and beef- eater. 
Indian tennis player Leander Paes and his Canadian partner Adil Shamasdin clinched the men' s doubles title at the Aegon Ilkley Challenger Trophy in Ilkley, England, on Saturday. The top seeds defeated local wild card entrants Brydan Klein and Joe Salisbury 2- 6, 6- 2, 10- 8 to clinch the trophy. Earlier in April, Paes and Shamasdin won the Leon Challenger tournament in Mexico. 
India' s batting coach Sanjay Bangar has said there is a " void" in the team after coach Anil Kumble' s resignation, but the team is " coping well" . " We are professionals and such things are part and parcel of any organisation where changes happen. The support staff and the players have shown a lot of professionalism in compartmentalising the issues, " said Bangar. 
Malayalam filmmaker KR Mohanan passed away on Sunday in Thiruvananthapuram at the age of 69. Some of his well known films include Ashwathama ( 1978) , Purushartham ( 1987) and Swaroopam ( 1992) . Mohanan, who was also an accomplished documentary filmmaker, had also headed the Kerala State Chalachitra Academy and served as the director of the International Film Festival of Kerala ( IFFK) . 
Doctors at various hospitals have claimed that a large number of parents are demanding disability certificates for their children to get admission in schools. They added that in several cases, there is no disability. According to one doctor, parents even say that their child does not want to study Science, and request for an appropriate certificate. 
Comedian Krushna Abhishek has said that he and Kapil Sharma are like Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan of television. " But unlike these superstars, we are not friends. We do not talk to each other, but when we do, we respect each other, " added Krushna Abhishek. He further said that there is no competition with Kapil and he would like to work with him. 
A 14- month- old girl' s dead body was pulled out from an open borewell after 58 hours of rescue operation. The toddler was playing with her elder sister when she accidentally fell into the nearly 450- foot- deep open borewell in a village near Hyderabad on Thursday. The police called off the rescue operation at 6 AM on Sunday after her remains were retrieved. 
Public sector banks cannot be held responsible in case of theft of valuables from lockers, according to an RTI response by RBI. Banks have contended that the relationship they have with customers with regard to lockers is that of a lessee ( landlord) and lessor ( tenant) , in which lessors are responsible for their valuables kept in lockers owned by banks. 
The Samajwadi Party has called UP CM Yogi Adityanath' s government an " inquiry committee" after the CBI started investigating nearly half a dozen projects launched by former CM Akhilesh Yadav. " It' s engaging in politics of vendetta, and more so to smokescreen its failures in delivering on the pre- poll promises, " chief SP spokesperson Rajendra Chowdhury said. 
Telugu actor Ravi Teja' s brother Bhupatiraju Bharath Raju passed away on Saturday in Hyderabad in a car accident. Reports suggest Raju rammed the car into a parked lorry resulting in a head- on collision. " We' re yet to find out whether he was under the influence of alcohol or not. But he was speeding, which led to his death, " said the police. 
Souvenirs based on veteran actor Dilip Kumar' s films were auctioned for over ? 8 lakh. The highest bid was for a souvenir based on Dilip' s 1967 film Ram Aur Shyam while a 12- sheeter teaser of Kranti ( 1981) was auctioned for ? 3 lakh. Other souvenirs which were auctioned included an Aamir Khan poster, depicting him as Mangal Pandey. 
Union Home Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi has said that lynching or hate crimes are not something new in India while adding, " I think they are overhyped and over- reported. " However, Mehrishi added, " A crime is a crime and should be handled with strictness, fairness. " Recently, Deputy SP Mohammed Ayub Pandith was lynched in Srinagar by a mob. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan tweeted, " Thanks for bearing me, " on completing 25 years in Bollywood, as his debut film ' Deewana' released today in 1992. He played negative characters in ' Darr' , ' Baazigar' , and later gained popularity for romantic roles in ' Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge' , ' Kuch Kuch Hota Hai' . He has won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor a record eight times. n
The Chairperson of one of the world' s 50 largest banks, SBI' s Arundhati Bhattacharya received a basic salary of ? 28. 9 lakh in 2016- 17. In comparison, her counterparts in private banks like ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar received ? 2. 66 crore and Axis Bank CEO Shikha Sharma received ? 2. 7 crore as basic salary. HDFC Bank' s MD Aditya Puri' s remuneration stood at ? 10 crore. 
Akshaye Khanna, while speaking about his break from films, said it was torturous as he has been working since the age of 19. He added that after he joined films post the sabbatical, he wanted to start with slightly smaller, but quality roles. Akshaye, who is known for films like ' Taal' , ' Dil Chahta Hai' , will be next seen in Sridevi' s ' Mom' . nn
The Delhi High Court has said undue sympathy towards convicts by awarding inadequate jail term " undermines public confidence in efficacy of law" while upholding a 10- year- long term awarded by a trial court to a man for rape. Dismissing the man' s plea for reduction of his punishment, Justice SP Garg said awarding inadequate sentences are a " serious threat" to society. 
Facebook- owned chat app WhatsApp is reportedly testing a feature to let users share all types of files, with some size restrictions. According to reports, the feature will be rolled out on Android, iOS and even the Windows Phone version of WhatsApp. The update could allow users to share file formats such as APK, which allows the installation of mobile apps. 
A US- based study has found brain' s cognitive abilities may be significantly reduced in the mere presence of smartphone, even if it is switched off. In a series of tests requiring concentration, participants with their phones in another room outperformed those with their phones on the desk, and also those who had kept their phones in a pocket or bag, researchers said. 
The CRPF' s Additional Director General of Police S N Srivastava reacted to the terrorist attack which claimed the lives of two jawans. " Such cowardly act does not affect the morale of security forces in fact it will boost it. We will investigate the matter and will find out the accused behind this. Then we will respond according to that, " he said. 
The telecom companies operating in the Kashmir Valley have been instructed to bring down the speed of internet from 3G and 4G to 2G in the region with immediate effect. This comes after terrorists attacked a CRPF convoy, leading to the death of two jawans. The terrorists had later taken shelter in Srinagar' s DPS school. 
A worker of the Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) , who failed to defend Lalu Prasad Yadav on a TV debate, has said that he fears for his life now. Sanoj Yadav had appeared on a TV debate during which he could not put up a defence for Lalu in the corruption and benami cases. He was beaten by Lalu' s son later. 
Asserting that the US' ties with India and Pakistan are not a ' zero- sum game' , the White House has said that President Donald Trump administration' s priorities and the nature of the relationship with the two countries are different. With India, the US is building a strategic partnership while with Pakistan the country seeks to have a productive partnership, US officials added. 
For the first time in the history of Manipur, Chief Minister Biren Singh- led Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) government has launched a toll- free 24/ 7 helpline number ' 181' for women. Addressing the launch programme, State Minister for Social Welfare and Corporation Nemcha Kipgen said that the helpline will help fight and reduce crime against women in the state. 
On the eve of Indian PM Narendra Modi' s US visit, President Donald Trump' s administration has said that the President realises India has been a " force for good" in the world and ties with it are important. " It would be wrong to say that this ( US) administration has been ignoring India, " officials added. Notably, this will be the first Trump- Modi meeting. 
A Karnataka man was forced to carry his mother injured in a hit- and- run case to a hospital on foot after failing to get an ambulance and help in time. Reportedly, the ambulance arrived one hour after the accident. The woman was given first aid at a government hospital and was referred to a private hospital, but died on the way. 
Several terrorists on Saturday opened fire at a Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) convoy near the Army cantonment in Pantha Chowk in J& K' s Srinagar and fled towards a school nearby. While a CRPF Sub Inspector has been martyred in the shelling, at least two CRPF jawans and a civilian have been injured. The attack has been claimed by Lashkar- e- Taiba. 
A total of five jawans of the Special Task Force were injured on Saturday in an encounter with the Maoists in Chhattisgarh' s Sukma district. While the jawans have been taken to a hospital for treatment, the encounter is still underway. Notably, as many as 25 CRPF personnel were killed and six others injured in Sukma in April. 
The Centre on Saturday approved the proposal for setting up a greenfield airport in Jewar in Greater Noida, likely to be operational in the next five- six years. " The Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority has notified 3, 000 hectares of land for a world- class international airport which will cater to 30- 50 million passengers per year, " Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju said. 
The gross fiscal deficits of states soared from ? 18, 790 crore in fiscal 1991 to over ? 4. 93 lakh crore in fiscal 2016, marking a 2, 525% increase, according to RBI data. The gap is projected to improve to ? 4. 49 lakh crore for fiscal 2017. Notably, Rajasthan saw its fiscal deficit rise by 12, 372% from ? 540 crore to ? 67, 350 crore during the period. 
The Election Commission has barred Madhya Pradesh Minister Narottam Mishra from contesting elections for three years over paid news allegations during 2008 Assembly polls. The complaint was filed by former Congress MLA Rajendra Bharti in April 2009. While Mishra had earlier approached the MP High Court seeking to quash the inquiry by the EC, his plea was rejected. 
A Delhi preschool recently organised a monkey dance for its students, following which Union Minister Maneka Gandhi intervened and its principal was removed. The school had advertised the event online, following which users informed Gandhi. The Rhesus Macaque monkey is protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, and using it for entertainment invites a punishment of up to seven years' jail. 
No minister from the Union Cabinet attended President Pranab Mukherjee' s last Iftar party as Indian President on Friday. Although Narendra Modi has not attended the Iftar party since he became Prime Minister, Rajnath Singh and Arun Jaitley have previously attended the annual event. However, Sonia Gandhi and Ghulam Nabi Azad attended the party held at Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
PM Narendra Modi will become the first foreign dignitary to have dinner at the White House with US President Donald Trump. Modi, who will arrive in Washington tonight on a three- day visit, will have a working dinner with Trump on Monday, after a one- on- one interaction followed by bilateral meetings. Modi is on a three- nation tour to USA, Portugal and Netherlands. 
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer wished the people of India " a happy 70th anniversary on their independence" in his daily press briefing on Friday. In response to a query on PM Narendra Modi and US President Donald Trump' s upcoming meeting, Spicer began his answer with the independence wish. He went on to discuss the agenda of the meeting. 
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy allegedly said that Superstar Rajinikanth has committed financial fraud and he had substantial proof of it. Rajinikanth should not join politics because it will be hard for him to continue as he is unfit for any political work, Swamy added. Swamy also termed the talks of Rajinikanth joining politics as a media hype. 
After Hindi signboards at the recently- unveiled Bengaluru Metro were criticised, Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu said, " Hindi is our national language. India' s progress is not possible without Hindi. " Naidu said Hindi is India' s mother tongue and Indians should be proud of it. He added, " Angrezi seekhte seekhte hum angrezi mind mein bhi aa gaye hain. Ye desh ke hit mein nahi hai. " 
The United Nations on Friday honoured West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee with the highest public service award for her girl empowerment initiative Kanyashree Prakalpa. The initiative was ranked first among 552 such social schemes for ' Reaching the Poorest and Most Vulnerable through Inclusive Services and Participation' . The initiative has benefitted around 40 lakh school and college- going girls. 
Actor Johnny Depp, while joking about the assassination of US President Donald Trump, said, " It is just a question, I am not insinuating anything. . . When was the last time an actor assassinated a president? " Depp further said, " I think he needs help and there are a lot of wonderful dark, dark places he could go. " 
Head of Iran' s atomic energy organisation, Ali Akbar Salehi, has warned the US to stop upsetting the regional balance of power by siding with Saudi Arabia. Referring to Saudi' s purchase of $ 100- billion worth of US arms during President Donald Trump' s recent visit to Riyadh, Salehi said " lavish arms purchases" by regional actors would be seen as provocative in Iran. 
Surveyor General of India Swarna Subba Rao on Thursday said that Google Maps is " not authenticated" by the government and unfit for high- end applications. Rao claimed that the service is widely used by consumers to find just " restaurants and parks" , and the government does not rely on it. A new initiative by Survey of India makes its maps accessible to Indians. 
Researchers from the University of California, San Diego have developed a skin patch that could charge mobile devices from users' sweat. The biofuel patch has already been used to power a radio for two days using human sweat. The flexible square patch sticks to the skin and contains enzymes to replace metals normally used in batteries. 
A Russian national was selling his photographs in Delhi to earn money and continue travelling across India. Kola sat in Connaught Place next to a placard saying, " Hello. I am from Russia. These photos are from my travel. Price up to you. Support my trip. " Kola was staying in a hostel, and wished to visit Kashmir. 
Comedian Chandan Prabhakar has confirmed that he will rejoin The Kapil Sharma Show after a three- month gap. Prabhakar had not shot for the show following Kapil' s brawl on a flight with Sunil Grover in March. " It' s okay if I reacted then. . . I cannot stretch it for life. We' re like family. . . two brothers fight but that does not mean they leave each other forever, " said Prabhakar. 
Former powerlifter Kavita Devi will become the first Indian woman wrestler in WWE, after getting selected for the company' s first- ever tournament for women, Mae Young Classic. Kavita, who trained at The Great Khali' s wrestling academy in Punjab, appeared at the WWE Dubai tryout this year where she was selected. She will compete at the 32- competitor event in Florida next month. 
Google has started removing private medical records from its search results, after adjusting its policy regarding personal information. In 2016, an Indian pathology lab mistakenly leaked names and HIV blood test results of over 43, 000 patients. The last change to Google' s removal policy was made to cover " revenge porn" in which people' s sexually explicit images are uploaded without their consent. 
Bharti Airtel' s Sunil Mittal has said if Air India is to be privatised, then Tatas will be one of the better candidates to buy stake in the airline. His response came after reports suggested that Tata Group was interested in buying a controlling stake in the airline. Notably, Air India was originally owned by Tata before being nationalised in 1953. 
Deputy Superintendent of Police Ayub Pandit was lynched by a mob outside Jamia Masjid in Jammu and Kashmir' s Srinagar on Thursday. While the exact reason was not revealed by the authorities, several reports claim that the incident took place after he was seen filming outside the mosque and opened fire at a group of people that asked him to stop. 
Researchers at the University of Central Florida have developed an anti- glare film that could allow people to read from their smartphones and tablets even in bright sunlight. The coating is inspired by the nanostructures that cover moth eyes and prevent light from reflecting off them. The flexible, self- cleaning coating increases readability by up to 10 times in different lighting conditions. 
The first- ever Test match was played between England and Australia in 1877. South Africa became the third Test- playing nation in 1889 while India debuted in 1932. In 2000, Bangladesh became the fourth Asian country and tenth overall to play a Test. ICC awarded Test status to a nation after 17 years on Thursday, granting full membership to Ireland and Afghanistan. 
Sridevi has said that her earlier statement about being happier if elder daughter Jhanvi Kapoor gets married instead of acting was misunderstood. She added, " What I meant. . . was I would prefer if my daughters did not lead the. . . hectic life that comes with this business. . . " Sridevi added she does not believe that girls should only get married, and wants her daughters to have an identity. 
A picture of Govinda from the sets of the upcoming Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif starrer ' Jagga Jasoos' has surfaced online. Reports suggest that Govinda shot for a cameo in the film, but later walked out of it citing irreconcilable differences with director Anurag Basu. Govinda was reportedly cast as a detective who helps Ranbir Kapoor' s character find his father. n
With four more farmers killing themselves in last 24 hours in Madhya Pradesh allegedly distressed over debts, the state has witnessed a total of 21 farmer suicides in the last two weeks. Reacting to the situation, senior Congress leader Kamal Nath said, " The farmers were being forced to end their lives due to the anti- farmer policies of the BJP government. " 
Multiple explosions occurred on the Rishikesh- Badrinath highway on Friday morning after a truck carrying LPG cylinders burst into flames. A video of the incident has emerged, which shows at least eight explosions occurring in the truck. The Char Dham Yatra has been affected but no injuries have been reported, while the reason for the accident is still unknown. 
China on Thursday asked the US to respect its ally Pakistan' s sovereignty following reports that US President Donald Trump is planning to expand drone strikes to Pakistan in a crackdown on terrorism in the region. Praising Pakistan for firmly opposing terrorism, China said that peace, stability, and economic development in Pakistan serves the interest of south Asian countries. 
Filmmaker Kabir Khan has denied reports of approaching Deepika Padukone to play a Chinese character in Tubelight. He added, " In today' s age, you can access actors around the world. Why would you take an Indian actor, especially an actor of Deepika' s stature and make her play a Chinese character? " Notably, Chinese actress Zhu Zhu stars in Tubelight. n
Former Indian batsman Rahul Dravid, who debuted on June 22, 1996, spent 44, 152 minutes ( 735 hours 52 minutes) at the crease in Test cricket, the most for any batsman. Dravid faced 31, 258 balls in his 16- year- long Test career, setting the record for most balls faced by a batsman. Dravid retired from Test cricket in 2012, amassing 13, 288 runs. 
Pictures showing Shah Rukh Khan' s character from the upcoming film Tubelight have emerged online. The pictures were posted by a fan club of Shah Rukh. In the cameo appearance by SRK in Tubelight, he reportedly plays the role of a magician, which was shown in the film' s trailer as only a silhouette. 
Anil Kapoor, talking about his daughter Sonam' s rumoured boyfriend Anand Ahuja, said that the bond he shares with him is too personal to discuss with the media. " It is not my place to speak about Anand. . . and I have not known her [ Sonam] to speak about her personal life, " added Anil. Anand is the CEO of ' bhane. ' , a fashion brand. 
Two Army jawans were martyred on Thursday while another was injured in Jammu and Kashmir' s Poonch while foiling an infiltration bid along the Line of Control ( LoC) . The infiltration bid was reportedly supported by Pakistan' s Border Action Team ( BAT) . Further, the jawans killed an armed intruder while another armed intruder was injured in the operation. 
RBI has asked banks to resolve 55 identified high value cases of bad loans within a period of six months. Otherwise, the central bank would examine those cases and refer for resolution under the new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Earlier this month, RBI had identified 12 accounts for insolvency proceedings, which accounted for 25% of total bad loans of banks. 
A Pakistani Twitter user was trolled after tweeting a picture of Pakistani cricket captain Sarfaraz Ahmed waving to a crowd, captioned, " SRK who? " A user commented, " SRK- he whose films have more crowd than this. . that too in theatres in Karachi, Islamabad & rest of Pakistan. " " Never Underestimate Papa, " read another tweet accompanied by Shah Rukh' s pictures waving to fans. n
Actress Fatima Sana Shaikh has shared pictures from Malta, the shoot location of her upcoming film ' Thugs of Hindostan' . The 25- year- old actress, who was last seen in ' Dangal' , can be seen sporting long hair in the photographs she shared on Instagram. The film will also star Amitabh Bachchan, Aamir Khan and Katrina Kaif in pivotal roles. 
Bengaluru firm IDC Technologies that had said " we are not responsible for women' s safety after they log out" has agreed to provide cab service to female employees working on the night shift. This comes after a female employee from the firm met IT Minister Priyank Kharge to bring up the matter, and the minister assured action after formal complaint. 
Amid the reports of actor Rajinikanth entering politics, former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam has said that he will consider an alliance with the actor if the need arises. Panneerselvam further said that Chief Minister Edappadi Palaniswami continues to function under the guidance of jailed AIADMK ( Amma) leader Sasikala Natarajan. 
The Narendra Modi- led NDA government has repealed 1, 200 obsolete laws in its three years in power, compared to 1, 301 laws being removed in the 65 years prior to that. The laws include one which states that an inspector in Andhra Pradesh must have well- brushed teeth. Another 200- year- old repealed law allowed the British monarch to review decisions of all Indian courts. 
Delhi' s crime rate has fallen by 31. 54% this year, with the police managing to solve 65. 42% cases reported this year. This is a 16% increase in the solve rate, which stood at 45. 15% in 2015. Till May 15 last year, 802 rape cases were reported, while the figure stands at 740 this year, with 77. 3% cases reported to be solved. 
Posters were put up in Gujarat featuring pictures of 110 senior BJP leaders of the state, with the caption reading, " Identify the leaders or you will lose your job. " This comes after two lower- level workers in the state were suspended for failing to recognise BJP politicians. The posters, put up near the Gujarat Assembly, were later removed by BJP workers. 
A total of 23 Guinness World Records were set at an International Yoga Day event in Ahmedabad, Gujarat on Wednesday. More than 54, 000 people participated in the event, beating the earlier record of most people doing yoga by a margin of over 18, 000. Further, individual records like most number of Surya Namaskars by one person were set. 
Robert Pious, one of the convicts in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, has written to the Tamil Nadu government seeking mercy killing. " I' ve been in prison for more than 27 years now. . . I can understand the intention of the government and as none of my family members have come to see me, I do not find anymore purpose in life, " he said. 
The Pakistani Army has said that it will soon begin building a fence along its volatile border with Afghanistan to improve security. Adding that a secure border is in the common interest of both the countries, the Army said that border posts will also be built to enhance defence and surveillance along the frontier. However, Afghan authorities opposed the move. 
Richard Evans, son of a co- owner of the company whose vehicle was used in the recent London mosque attack, has been arrested over a Twitter post. He had tweeted, " it' s a shame they do not hire out tanks, " after the attack. Evans was arrested " on suspicion of displaying threatening abusive statement with the intent to stir up racial hatred" , police said. 
Salman Khan has referred to Akshay Kumar as the " bigger star" in Bollywood than Aamir Khan, Shah Rukh Khan and himself. Salman said that Akshay, who does four to five films a year, is the man who works hard, makes the maximum amount of money and supports many production companies, film units and directors every four months. 
Arjun Rampal, talking about his upcoming biopic on the life of gangster- turned- politician Arun Gawli, said that they are not making a propaganda film and are just presenting his life story the way it is. " He has so many layers in life. . . they are so intriguing, " added Rampal. He further said the audience could form their own opinions about the film. 
Actress Bipasha Basu has shared pictures of her performing various yoga asanas with her husband Karan Singh Grover on the occasion of International Yoga Day on Wednesday. Bipasha captioned one of the pictures, " Yoga is like Life - It' s a beautiful balance of holding on & letting go. " She also used the hashtag ' # yogimonkey' while sharing the three pictures. 
Maharashtra Anti- Terrorism Squad ( ATS) has created a video to spread awareness among parents about the dangers of online radicalisation. Warning parents that terror recruiters can target their children online, the video asks parents to be cautious when their children spend too much time on the internet and to keep a tab on their online activities. 
Days after the central government roped in actor Amitabh Bachchan to promote GST, the opposition Congress on Wednesday asked Big B to refrain from doing so or face protests. " He should not promote GST in its current form. There is already anger among traders against it, " Mumbai Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam said. 
The Indian Olympic Association' s ( IOA) chief N Ramachandran has revealed that IOA has asked the government for permission to bid for the 2032 Olympics and 2030 Asian Games. Ramachandran said the IOA also wanted India to host the Asian Beach Games in 2020 alongside hosting 2020' s Olympic Council of Asia General Assembly meeting and the International Olympic Committee' s 2021 session. 
The Supreme Court on Wednesday denied interim bail to former High Court judge CS Karnan, who was sentenced to six- month jail term for contempt of court. The vacation bench of the court said it cannot modify the original order passed by the seven- judge bench and asked Karnan' s lawyer to present the case before Chief Justice of India after the vacation. 
Farmers across North India performed the ' shavasana' on highways on International Yoga Day as part of their ongoing protest across the country. Farmers in Madhya Pradesh also joined in, protesting the killing of five farmers in police firing in Mandsaur recently during an agitation. Farmers in UP called the government' s loan waiver an eyewash, saying nobody benefited from it. 
Thane crime branch on Saturday busted a petrol pump racket that was operating across Maharashtra. The racketeers used electronic chips to dispense less fuel than what was displayed on the vending machines. Following arrests of several people involved, including the owners of the petrol pumps, a total of 11 petrol pumps were sealed across the state. 
At the first summit of BRICS Foreign Ministers in China, India said that there is no difference between ' good' and ' bad' terrorists and all of them should be treated as criminals threatening global peace. Urging the nations to combat terrorism, India further asked them to back its efforts for the adoption of a comprehensive convention on terrorism at the UN. 
Darjeeling' s ruling Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ( GJM) and other parties have decided to continue the indefinite strike for the demand for Gorkhaland while GJM announced that it will quit the semi- autonomous body Gorkhaland Territorial Administration ( GTA) . The body was set up for better administration of the region. The parties will also boycott a meeting called by West Bengal government. 
The International Cricket Council' s ( ICC) chief executive David Richardson has revealed that Champions Trophy could be scrapped to make way for bi- annual World T20 events. " What we want to do is differentiate our global events from each other so that they can be stand- alone and create maximum interest every time the event happens, " Richardson said. 
Madhya Pradesh police have arrested 15 people in Burhanpur district and charged them with sedition for allegedly cheering for Pakistan after the Champions Trophy final against India on Sunday. The police registered an FIR after locals complained about the boys, who were reportedly raising pro- Pakistan and anti- India slogans. Police said they were apprehensive that a communal situation could erupt. 
Rahul Dravid has asked for a decision to be taken on the role of MS Dhoni and Yuvraj Singh in the Indian team. " Do you want to look at the available talent and see what they have to offer before going back to these. . . players? " asked Dravid. He further said that a decision about India' s spin combination should be taken. 
Security was increased at former captain MS Dhoni' s house in Ranchi following India' s loss against Pakistan in the Champions Trophy on Sunday. Fans indulged in sloganeering, burning effigies and smashing TV sets after India' s loss, following which the measure was taken. Dhoni earlier had ' Z' category security, which was downgraded to ' Y' by the Jharkhand government in 2014. 
RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav' s wife Rabri Devi and children have been charged under the Benami Transactions Act by the Income Tax department in connection with land deals worth ? 1, 000 crore and tax evasion. The department has seized a total of 12 plots belonging to Lalu' s daughter Misa Bharti and her husband, ex- CM Rabri Devi, and Deputy CM Tejaswi Yadav. 
Bookmakers reportedly lost up to ? 2, 500 crore following India' s loss to Pakistan in the Champions Trophy final on Sunday. As per reports, almost 50- 60% punters from India and other nations, including Gulf countries, had placed their money on India, with 90% of them being Indian bookies. The odds were initially in favour of India at 80 paise for every rupee. 
Actress Sridevi has said that she would be happier if her elder daughter Jhanvi Kapoor gets married rather than act in films. Sridevi added that initially, she was not in favour of Jhanvi working in films. " But her happiness matters more, and if she does well as an actress, I will be a proud mother, " said Sridevi. 
Karnataka Forest Minister Ramanath Rai has been caught on camera ordering the Dakshina Kannada Superintendent of Police Bhushan Gulabrao Borase to arrest RSS leader Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat over alleged murder of a Panchayat Vice President. While the opposition demanded his resignation for interfering in political investigation, Rai denied having issued specific instructions on Bhat' s arrest. 
Instagram Co- founder Mike Krieger revealed that the one thing he would have done differently was realising that founders have to " be willing to disrupt" themselves and get comfortable with making changes to their product. Krieger added he would have hired people faster as they lost " so much sleep in the early days. . . it took a toll on our health and, probably, relationships. " 
Expressing surprise at the NDA' s decision to nominate Ram Nath Kovind as the presidential candidate, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said, " I felt I fell from the sky" . Adding that she is not questioning his credibility, Mamata said, " In order to support someone, we must know the person. I have not heard of him. I do not know him" . 
The Delhi Police has put security agencies on high alert after receiving inputs of possible terror attacks in the city. Agencies have been directed to take appropriate security measures at metro stations, airports, railway stations, five- star hotels, religious places and embassies. The police said, " We have received inputs on June 10 that militants could target such places in large scale. " 
A 35- year- old woman was allegedly kidnapped and gangraped by three men in a moving car for three hours on Monday night, the police said. The woman was kidnapped in Sohna, Gurugram, where the accused repeatedly raped her before driving to Greater Noida and throwing her out of the car. She was found near a hospital, while the accused are absconding. 
The government has reportedly proposed a special midnight session of the Parliament on June 30 to mark the rollout of Goods and Services Tax ( GST) , which will be on July 1. President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will likely address the hour- long session. Both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha will participate in it. 
Following Pakistan' s Champions Trophy victory, former Pakistani cricketer Rashid Latif shared " a message of love" for Indian fans and Virender Sehwag. Latif said that nobody is anyone' s father or son and it was a narration that came from India' s side on social media which he wanted to end. He further said that he expected a similar gesture from India. 
Indian pacer Mohammed Shami, whose father passed away recently, reacted angrily after a Pakistani cricket fan sledged Indian players following Pakistan' s Champions Trophy win against India on Sunday. The Pakistani fan was heard saying, " Baap kaun hai? " , which is when Shami lost his cool and turned back towards the Pakistani fan and stared at him before MS Dhoni held him. 
Citing post- mortem reports, the police claimed that the man allegedly lynched to death by Rajasthan government officials for stopping them from clicking women defecating in open died of heart attack. " There is no such injury mark on the victim' s body which proves that he was murdered. The allegation against the accused is yet to be proved, " the police added. 
A Belgian court has ruled that advertising claims about the health and environmental benefits of a palm oil- free ' Choco' spread by supermarket chain Delhaize were illegal. The case by Nutella manufacturer Ferrero argued that Delhaize' s campaign unfairly damaged its iconic brand. Delhaize has now been ordered not to repeat claims about its spread being better for the planet or health. 
According to reports, actor Shah Rukh Khan will have a cameo role in the Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif starrer upcoming film ' Jagga Jasoos' . According to a source, " SRK loved the idea of this particular cameo as it had some sense of quirk to it. " Directed by Anurag Basu, the film is scheduled to release on July 14. 
The Indian cricket team fans took to the streets in various parts of the country to express disappointment over India' s 180- run loss to Pakistan in the ICC Champions Trophy final in London on Sunday. Some fans broke television sets and burned players' posters, many others shouted angry slogans and chants against the Indian team. 
Indian wrestler Jinder Mahal defeated 14- time WWE champion Randy Orton to retain his WWE Championship at Smackdown' s Money in the Bank event on Sunday. " I' m not even entering my prime and that is a scary scary thought. I am only getting better every week, " the 30- year- old wrestler said, and claimed that he is the hardest working man in the entire WWE. 
Bidyut, a 25- year- old Bangladeshi fan of Indian cricket, committed suicide by jumping in front of a train after India lost to Pakistan in the final of the Champions Trophy 2017 in London on Sunday. India had reached the tournament' s final after having defeated Bangladesh by nine wickets in what was Bangladesh' s maiden semifinal appearance at an ICC event. 
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has appealed to the people of Darjeeling to maintain peace and calm in the region, before heading to the Netherlands. She said that her ministers were monitoring the situation, after three activists of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha ( GJM) were allegedly killed in police firing. Protestors carried out a rally with the coffins of those killed. 
The Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) visited Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain' s home today, to carry out an inquiry in the money laundering case against him. The team reportedly sought clarifications from his wife in the case. Jain is alleged to have been involved in laundering around ? 4. 63 crore in 2015- 16 and ? 11. 78 crore in 2010- 12. 
Indian cricketer Gautam Gambhir on Sunday suggested Kashmiri separatist leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq to cross the border to " get better fireworks" after the Champions Trophy final between India and Pakistan. Congratulating the Pakistan team for its win, the Hurriyat leader had said there were fireworks all around after the match. Gambhir even sarcastically offered to help Farooq pack his bags. 
CBFC chief Pahlaj Nihalani, when asked about a no objection certificate ( NOC) from the Gandhi family for the upcoming film ' Indu Sarkar' , said, " There' s no mention of Indira Gandhi or Sanjay Gandhi in the trailer. " The CBFC usually asks for an NOC from the concerned people before the release of a film, if it revolves around real people and situations. 
The candidates seeking election in the Indian presidential elections will have to deposit a sum of ? 15, 000 while filing their nomination papers. The candidates will not be allowed to make payments digitally or by cheque, according to reports. The presidential elections are scheduled to be held on July 17, while the counting of votes is on July 20. 
Actor Anupam Kher has said that the script of the upcoming biopic on former PM Manmohan Singh has not been finalised yet. Speaking about the film' s poster, he said, " The makers wanted to announce the film, so we just worked on that. The shooting is in late December. " Directed by Vijay Ratnakar Gutte, the film will be written by Hansal Mehta. 
Gorkhas demanding a separate state protested outside Delhi' s Jantar Mantar on Sunday, as the strike by Gorkha Janmukti Morcha in Darjeeling entered its eighth day. Hundreds of protesters gathered at the monument, with national flags and banners that read, " We want Gorkhaland" . Meanwhile, Home Minister Rajnath Singh appealed to people to remain calm and peaceful, and not resort to violence. 
Homestay startup Airbnb is buying California- based background- check startup Trooly that was founded by three Indian- origin entrepreneurs in 2014. Trooly, co- founded by Savi Baveja, Anish Das Sarma and Nilesh Dalvi, helps predict the trustworthiness of individuals and businesses. Airbnb will use Trooly' s technology to protect its users and hosts from fraudulent people and scams. 
A Supreme Court bench has said that women sacrificing their love for parents is common in India. The bench was setting aside the life sentence of a man who had made a suicide pact with a woman after secretly marrying her in 1995. The woman' s suicide bid was successful, while the man survived and was convicted for her murder. 
Posters supporting BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani for the post of the President were spotted outside the headquarters of the party in New Delhi. The posters, however, were torn apart and thrown outside the party office later. The posters described Advani as the best- suited contender for the post and were published in the name of a farm leader. 
The Home Ministry has more than doubled the compensation for paramilitary personnel suffering 100% disability in action, increasing it from ? 9 lakh to ? 20 lakh. This will be applicable to personnel whose disability is attributed to or aggravated in service from January 1, 2016. The new policy will cover 10 lakh personnel in eight forces under the home ministry. 
R Madhavan was named the Best Actor ( Male) for his performance in the Tamil film ' Irudhi Suttru' at the Filmfare Awards South 2017. Ritika Singh won the Best Actor ( Female) award and Sudha K Prasad was named the Best Director for ' Irudhi Suttru' . Meanwhile, AR Rahman was named Best Music Director for the film ' Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada' . 
Mika Singh has said that singers should be given priority over actors for playback singing. Speaking on the trend of recreating old songs, he said, " It' s a great way for our youth of today to connect with these songs. " Mika is known for songs like ' Sawan Mein Lag Gayi Aag' , ' Mauja Hi Mauja' , ' Gandi Baat' , among others. 
Abdul Qayyum Sheikh, the only man who was acquitted on Friday of all charges against him in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, on Saturday said, " I will stay in India, this is my country. " He added that he wants to stay in the country and do business. Notably, he was in jail for the last 10 years. 
Two men have been arrested and a juvenile apprehended for allegedly killing 18- year- old boy Gulfam in Delhi' s Nand Nagri area after he refused to lend his scooter to the juvenile, the police said. Gulfam' s sister told police that he was forcibly taken to a park on Thursday by the three accused, where the juvenile attacked him with a knife. 
The All India Hindu Convention on Saturday passed a resolution demanding that India and Nepal should be declared ' Hindu Rashtra' . Over 342 delegates from 132 right- wing organisations from India, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka attended the convention. Resolutions to launch a " legal campaign" against " rampant malpractices" in administrative, educational and political domains were also adopted. 
Enforcement agencies recently discovered that genitals of big monitor lizards were being smuggled and sold as " lucky charm" for better sex life and fertility in men. Madhya Pradesh Special Task Force busted the racket in Indore and Khargone arresting three traders and a priest. They seized 68 pieces of the body part, some of which were smeared with vermillion. 
BJP President Amit Shah on Saturday said that in the previous UPA government, no one considered Manmohan Singh as the PM, but Prime Minister Narendra Modi has restored the pride associated with the post. " In the earlier government, every minister thought of themselves as the PM, " Shah said at a press conference in Mumbai. 
BJP President Amit Shah ruled out the resumption of bilateral cricketing ties between India and Pakistan in the near future, saying that the two countries would continue to play against each other only in international tournaments. Shah, who is the head of the Gujarat Cricket Association, said, " [ N] either India plays in Pakistan nor Pakistan plays in India" . 
Thirty- two- year- old Jammu and Kashmir police officer Feroz Ahmed Dar, who was buried on Friday, had written a Facebook post, " Just imagine. . . yourself in your grave. Down there in that dark hole. . . Alone. " Dar along with five other policemen was killed on Friday in an ambush in Achabal in Anantnag district by suspected Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) militants. 
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said neither ' kisan' ( farmers) nor jawans have been happy since Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s BJP government assumed power in 2014. Stating that the farmers have been " betrayed" by the Modi government, Kejriwal added, " Where is the development in our land, if farmers are boycotting their own produce and throwing them on roads? " 
Accusing Pakistan of supporting terrorism, two top US lawmakers urged President Donald Trump' s administration to cut military aid to the country. Adding that US needs to stop " providing weapons to countries like Pakistan that we are afraid will shoot down our own people, " the lawmakers suggested facilitation of support and weapons to countries like Egypt, crediting them for fighting terrorism. 
Scientists have discovered a 3, 000- year- old copper mask at an ancient human burial site with 14 bodies in Argentina, making it one of the oldest human- made metal object from South America. Scientists also found a copper ore source within 70 km suggesting prevalence local metallurgy in the area at the same time as Peru, where it was previously thought to emerge. 
A local government body in Raisen district, Madhya Pradesh has imposed a fine of nearly ? 4 lakh on 13 families for open defecation. The violators continued to defecate in the open even though a toilet was built in every house, panchayat official Rima Ansari said. " These villagers had been warned on several occasions, " she added. 
Several posters that have been put up outside AAP office in Delhi have termed party leader Kumar Vishwas as a " traitor" and accused him of indulging in anti- party activities. The people who have put up the posters are yet to be identified. This comes after Vishwas asked the party' s volunteers in Rajasthan not to stay in five- star hotels and farmhouses. 
India and Switzerland will start exchanging financial account information starting 2019, with the Swiss government formally ratifying the global convention for information exchange on tax matters with 38 countries on Friday. Notably, one of the key poll promises of the Narendra Modi government was flushing out black money, much of which is believed to be stored in Swiss banks. 
Hours before the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts accused were to be sentenced on Friday, the Mumbai Police control room received a bomb threat. The caller said a person named Manoj would trigger several bombs. Policemen identified the caller as 27- year- old Abhimanyu, who was drunk and had wanted to punish his friend Manoj for owing him money from a drinking session. 
Mahmood Shah, the chief of terrorist organisation Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) , in an official statement, said the " sacrifice" of LeT commander Junaid Mattoo and other militants, killed in an encounter with Indian armed forces, will not go in vain. Meanwhile, LeT spokesperson Dr. Abdullah Ghaznavi called India " a cancer to humanity" , while adding, " We shall soon witness India burning to ashes. " 
Pictures of actress Katrina Kaif practising stunts for the upcoming film ' Tiger Zinda Hai' have surfaced online. The pictures show Katrina wielding a gun and practising with swords. Reports suggest that stunt coordinators who have previously worked in Hollywood films like ' The Dark Knight Rises' are training Katrina for the action sequences. 
Five policemen were killed after militants ambushed a police party at Achabal in Kashmir' s Anantnag district. The martyrs included a police officer of the rank SHO. Meanwhile, two people reportedly died after police opened fire on protesters attempting to disrupt an encounter going on in the area. 
The Puducherry Assembly on Friday passed a resolution, seeking curtailment of the powers granted to Lieutenant Governor Kiran Bedi. The resolution came nearly a week after Chief Minister V Narayanasamy appealed Ministry of Home Affairs to resolve the governance crisis in Puducherry. Narayanasamy has accused the former IPS of " running a parallel government" in Puducherry. 
Online entertainment startup The Viral Fever Founder and CEO Arunabh Kumar on Friday stepped down from his role following multiple sexual harassment allegations against him by former female employees. " Whatever has happened in the past three months has mentally & emotionally drained me. . . Therefore I have decided to step down, " said Kumar. TVF COO Dhawal Gusain has been appointed the new CEO. 
Top Lashkar- e- Taiba commander Junaid Mattoo was killed in an encounter with security forces in Kashmir' s Kulgam on Friday. The terrorist was reportedly responsible for two attacks in which four policemen were killed, and carried a bounty of ? 10 lakh on his head. His accomplice Muzamil was also killed in the encounter while another militant was arrested. 
Saif Ali Khan, speaking on daughter Sara' s decision to act in films after graduating from Columbia University, said, " Why would she want that for herself? Look at where she studied. " He further said that he is not looking down on acting, but it is not the most stable profession. " This is not the life, any parent would want for children, " added Saif. 
Vijay Mallya allegedly floated 20 shell companies, directors of which were either his personal staff or those who retired, the ED said in its chargesheet. The agency had registered a criminal case in the Kingfisher Airlines- IDBI Bank deal last year and attached assets worth ? 9, 600 crore. ED is going to confiscate a coffee estate in Coorg, which it had attached. 
Around 46% cases pending in courts are against the Centre and states, according to data from the Ministry of Law and Justice. The Central government alone has 1. 3 lakh pending cases against it. Further, the departments with most pending cases are railways ( 66, 685) , finance ( 15, 651) , communications ( 12, 642) , home affairs ( 11, 668) , defence ( 3, 433) and health & family welfare ( 3, 275) . 
Customs officials at Delhi Airport apprehended alleged smugglers attempting to conceal 5 kg of gold worth approximately ? 1. 4 crore in microwave ovens, trolleys, toys, wafers and confectionery boxes this week. However, officials added that gold smuggling has decreased since demonetisation. Customs officials seized 240 kg of gold in the 2016- 17 fiscal, which was 190 kg less than in 2015- 16. 
After being asked about BJD workers throwing eggs at Union Minister Jual Oram' s vehicle, MoS for Heavy Industries Babul Supriyo on Wednesday said, " If BJD and Congress workers hurl eggs at me, I will make omelette with it and eat that. " Supriyo added, " I am a non- vegetarian. . . There is not an iota of fear in me. " 
Outlining his vision for a self- sustaining city on the red planet, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has stated that human colonies on Mars could be built within our lifetime. Musk noted that with current technologies, a ticket to Mars would cost around $ 10 billion. The entrepreneur further outlined essential steps to get that cost down for successful exploration of the planet. 
The Calcutta High Court lawyers have written to the Bar Council of India, urging the removal of the black coats and gowns as the essential dress code inside the courtrooms. The lawyers asked the Council to consider changing the dress code imposed by the British citing the " unbearable" summer heat spell this year and black clothes being heat absorbers. 
VHP leader Sadhvi Saraswati said, " I appeal to the Government of India that those people who consider eating the meat of their own mother as a status symbol should be hanged. " She further said, " Such people should be brought before the public and hanged, then only people will know that it is our duty to protect ' gau mata' ( holy cow) . " 
According to police figures, over 1, 500 children went missing in Delhi in the first five months of this year. " As per the data, around 12 to 15 children are reported to be missing every day in Delhi, " Deputy Commissioner of Police Rajan Bhagat said. The police suspect human trafficking gangs behind the abduction of slum kids for cheap labour. 
Bengaluru firm IDC Technologies, located in Madiwala, does not provide cab services to women for pick- up and drop, and has allegedly said that it is not responsible for women' s safety after they log out. A female employee from the firm met IT Minister Priyank Kharge to bring up the matter, and the minister has assured action after a formal complaint. 
Rishi Shah, the Indian- American Founder of healthcare startup Outcome Health, who quit college 10 years ago to become an entrepreneur, is now a billionaire. Outcome saw a recent $ 600 million venture capital investment that pushed 31- year- old Shah? s wealth to $ 3. 6 billion. Notably, the firm installs touch screens in doctors' offices and uses specialised software to help in treatment decisions. 
A 52- year- old man from Delhi ate two metal plates, six needles, several blades and tubelights while performing yoga in 2008, believing this would keep him healthy. The objects remained in Shailendra Singh' s stomach for nine years before he visited a Delhi hospital with acute pain in his stomach three months ago. Singh has undergone a surgery and is recuperating. 
The government is reportedly contemplating daily revision of CNG prices similar to daily fuel price revision, which is going to be implemented across the country from June 16. Currently, oil marketing firms fix the prices of diesel, petrol and CNG on a fortnightly basis. State- owned oil retailers had implemented a dynamic fuel pricing pilot project in five cities in May. 
The Red Fort with the Indian tricolour was shown as Lahore' s Shalimar Gardens under a Pakistani tableau at a Shanghai Cooperation Organisation banquet in Beijing on Wednesday. The mistake was pointed out by both Indian and Pakistani diplomats. Following this, SCO officials apologised saying they failed to cross- check the photos as this was the first event involving India and Pakistan. 
The Defence Ministry has scrapped a ? 6, 500- crore deal to procure 16 helicopters for the Indian Navy from American firm Sikorsky, according to reports. The deal had been in the making since 2009 but had been stuck over price issues since 2015. The Defence Ministry is merging the deal with a Make in India programme to produce 140 Naval Multirole Helicopters. 
Delhi University' s St Stephen' s on Thursday released its first cut- off list, setting the bar highest for its English and Economics courses at 98. 5% and lowest for Sanskrit at 70% . The History cut- off stands at 97. 75% for commerce, 97% for science and 96% for humanities students. The Mathematics cut- off stands at 97% for commerce and science and 96% for humanities students. 
A man from Tamil Nadu who features in the Limca Book of Records for being the " most unsuccessful candidate" after losing over 150 elections has filed his nomination for the Presidential elections. " Election King" K Padmarajan has contested against Pranab Mukherjee and Manmohan Singh. Padmarajan has previously said he wishes to retain his " most unsuccessful candidate" title. 
A Gurugram man flung his 4- month- old puppy from the first floor after she dropped his laptop and chewed the DTH wires on Tuesday night. Though the man denied the act, his wife admitted saying " Generally, we love her, but that day, it really damaged the whole laptop, chewed up wires and everything. My husband got angry and flung it. " 
The Public Works Department of Delhi government has reportedly slapped a fine of ? 27 lakh on AAP for the " unauthorised occupation" of its Rouse Avenue party office. The Delhi government had allotted the bungalow to AAP after the party approved a land allotment policy for state parties in 2015. However, PWD directed AAP to vacate the office in April 2017. 
Instances of detecting counterfeit currency in India' s banking channels have increased by over 4, 000% in eight years, according to latest government data. The number of such reports increased from just 8, 580 in 2007- 08 to 3, 53, 837 in 2014- 15. Further, data from 2010- 11 to 2014- 15 showed that majority of these reports were filed by private Indian banks. 
A Rajasthan policeman asked a woman, whose husband was arrested with 1 kg opium last week, to sleep with him to get her husband out of the jail. The cop initially demanded ? 2 lakh and when she expressed her inability to meet it, he asked her to ' compromise' . He was later arrested by the Anti- Corruption Bureau for taking some money. 
British- Pakistani boxer Amir Khan was attacked by a gang and was reportedly chased by them after getting involved in a road- rage incident in Manchester. The boxer had taken a wrong turn which caused the car behind him to crash into his Range Rover. In 2012 Amir was targeted by a gang who tried stealing his ? 81- lakh Range Rover. 
Muslims have started protesting against the Uttar Pradesh government' s plan to make marriage registration mandatory and termed it as ' un- Islamic' . " Muslim marriages are only registered at the office of the Waqf board of UP as per the Nikahnama documents, " Muslim leader Haji Jameeluddin said. " There is no need to register marriages again merely to satisfy a government' s whim, " he added. 
Sri Lankan cricket great Kumar Sangakkara scored his 100th career century while playing for English county cricket side Surrey in a one- day match on Tuesday. The 39- year- old left- hander, who hit a run- a- ball 121 against Yorkshire, now has 39 centuries in one- day cricket along with his 61 centuries in first- class cricket, 38 of which have come in Test matches. 
BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha called LK Advani ' pitamah' ( father figure) and said the veteran leader should have been the first and last choice for the president' s post. " Advani ji is far above others if election is done through a referendum or direct voting by the people, of the people & for the people, " Sinha tweeted. 
The Restaurant of Order Mistakes in Tokyo only employs waiters with dementia, and diners can expect to receive the wrong order. The restaurant aims to raise awareness of mental illness and show that people with dementia can be productive members of society. A food blogger who ordered a burger but received gyoza said the meal was still " delicious. " 
Princess Diana tried cutting her wrists with razors weeks after marrying Prince Charles, secret tapes recorded in 1991 have revealed. She said in the tapes, " I was so depressed. . . I was in a very bad way, " and had bulimia. Diana described her love for Charles and insecurity of Camilla Parker Bowles, whom he married years after Diana died. 
Right- wing group Hindu Sena has organised a birthday celebration for US President Donald Trump on his 71st birthday on June 14, and called him the " Saviour of Humanity" . The group has circulated invites on social media, publicising their open- for- all event at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Wednesday afternoon. A photo exhibition will also be held at the event. 
Delhi Metro' s Blue Line services were hit for over three hours on Tuesday evening as a technical snag occurred after a bird got electrocuted on an overhead wire and caused a short circuit. Officials said the insulator of overhead equipment broke down, causing electrical wire entanglement with a train. The bird died, and thousands of passengers were stranded. 
UP Health Minister Sidharth Nath Singh announced on Tuesday that the cabinet has decided to recruit 1, 000 doctors including 500 specialists on a contract for one year. Incentives and contract extension will depend upon doctors' performance, he added. In a cabinet meeting, chaired by CM Yogi Adityanath, transfer policy was also finalised for doctors already employed in state hospitals. 
A doodle made by Shah Rukh Khan from his 1997 Paris visit will reportedly be auctioned in Mumbai on June 22 and is expected to sell for ? 2 lakh. The doodle includes sketches of the Eiffel Tower, the Bastille fort and has captions like, ' In Paris, do as the Indians do' . It was part of a film journalist- critic' s collection. 
The Jammu and Kashmir Police on Tuesday invited a school student to inaugurate the police public library in Baramulla instead of a politician. Inspector General of Police ( IGP) Nitish Kumar dedicated the library, set up to cater to the needs of the aspirants for competitive and government exams, to the people of Baramulla. 
A man in Bihar' s Samastipur district was bitten by a venomous snake while he was sleeping on Saturday. His health started deteriorating after he woke up and he realised he will not survive. He bit his wife' s wrist saying that he wants them both to die together. Although the man died, the woman was saved by doctors. 
Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi said that he will be taking a break from politics to visit his grandmother in Italy and the BJP termed it as " picnic" of a " kid during summer vacations" . " You cannot expect Rahulji to be worried about the country or the farmers. He does politics to enjoy his picnics, " Madhya Pradesh BJP leader Kailash Vijayvargiya said. 
Absconding businessman and liquor baron Vijay Mallya, who was granted bail on Tuesday till December 4, said he is not answerable to the media. " The court proceedings are on. I have denied all allegations that have been made and will continue to deny that, " the former Kingfisher Airlines chief said. " I have enough evidence to prove my case, " he added. 
Congress MP Jyotiraditya Scindia was arrested on Tuesday in Ratlam of Madhya Pradesh when he was on his way to visit Mandsaur, where several farmers were killed in police firing during protests. Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi was also arrested last week for making attempts to enter the area without permission and meet farmers and their families. 
Sameer Patel, an Indian- origin man working in a departmental store in Atlanta, USA, was shot dead by unidentified men on Tuesday. The gunmen, after killing Patel, stole the cash box and fled from the spot. The entire incident has been recorded on CCTV cameras and the footage has been sent to Patel' s family, who are natives of Gujarat' s Patan district. 
According to reports, comedians Sunil Grover, Ali Asgar, Chandan Prabhakar and Sugandha Mishra will feature together in an upcoming comedy show. None of these comedians shot for Kapil Sharma' s show, following Kapil' s brawl with Sunil. The show, which will reportedly also feature Krushna Abhishek, has tentatively been titled ' Comedy Company' and will have a format similar to Kapil' s show. 
The photographer who posted a picture of Kerala school' s ' vulgar' uniform, has been booked under the POCSO Act after the school filed a case. Zachariah Pookunnam had first posted the picture on his Facebook page, saying that he received it from a friend. The school had claimed that the picture was photoshopped and it was not the actual uniform issued. 
A 24- year- old man suffered serious injuries after being beaten up for stopping a couple from kissing in public in Mumbai recently. According to police, the man was playing cricket near a college in Parel when he saw the couple kissing and asked them to stop the " obscene act" . The boy then returned with his friends and thrashed the man. 
US- based scientists are developing a new system that can predict if a car driver is about to have a heart attack. Researchers, in collaboration with Japanese automaker Toyota, are working on technology that can monitor and analyse the physiology of the driver. " The medical event interferes with the driver' s ability to safely drive and operate the car, " said a researcher. 
The number of daily visitors at Choolannur peafowl sanctuary in Kerala has gone up from 10- 12 to 200- 300 after a Rajasthan High Court judge said that peahens get pregnant by drinking the tears of peacocks. " Once the peahen shows her willingness, the peacock mounts on the peahen and fertilises the eggs through muscular spasms, " the foresters explain to the visitors. 
A video of several drunk men attacking a 50- year- old homeless man and attempting to torch his private parts in Chennai has surfaced online. In the incident that reportedly took place on June 4 around 1. 30 in the night, the accused also beat the man with pipes. Further, the police are waiting for the victim to file a complaint. 
Animal welfare activists have complained against Punjabi singers Diljit Dosanjh and Kamal Grewal for allegedly glorifying dog fights. Diljit' s song " Jatt Fire Karda" includes a line " Rakhe fight nu vi Pitbull chaar ni" ( Have kept four pitbulls for fighting) . A complaint has been filed with the Animal Welfare Board of India, who have written to the Punjab Police. 
Madhya Pradesh Congress leader Dilip Mishra said farmers will fire bullets at the BJP- led government under fellow Congress leader Ajay Singh. His tributes to the farmers killed in police firing come with this promise, he said. Claiming the Shivraj Singh Chouhan- led government " killed democracy" and " Pradesh' s farmers, " Mishra added, " Madhya Pradesh' s public will also fire at the government. " 
The Indian Railways is planning to induct about 40, 000 coaches with refurbished interiors and upgraded facilities worth ? 8, 000 crore, to provide world- class comfort to passengers. The coaches will be equipped with strong couplers in order to prevent them from capsizing during accidents. The aim is to make these revamped coaches available by 2023, said a senior Railway Ministry official. 
The decomposing body of struggling actress Kritika Chaudhary was found in her apartment in Mumbai on Monday, the police said. The police believe the 23- year- old, who had worked in Kangana Ranaut- starrer Rajjo and several Balaji production TV shows, was allegedly murdered 3- 4 days ago. Her room was found locked from the outside while the AC was switched on. 
A supporter group of Bengaluru FC has started ' Beds for Traveling Fans' campaign, to provide accommodation for the fans travelling to watch India' s AFC Asian Cup qualification match against the Kyrgyz Republic in Bengaluru on Tuesday. " No need to check into hotels brothers, just walk into our houses. We will host you, " said a member of the supporter group. 
Every home in the Patwa Toli village in Bihar' s Gaya district has at least one engineer, with 20 people qualifying for IITs this year. The village, otherwise known for its weaving industry, has around 800 students currently in engineering colleges. Around 180 students from the village have qualified so far for IITs, with a single family having seven IITians. 
The Indian Air Force has dismissed a pilot and sentenced him to two years' imprisonment for assaulting his senior, refusing to eat and stealing remotes from the officers' mess. The officer had suffered a knee injury in 2013, following which he was declared unfit to fly a transport aircraft. He has previously claimed his superiors harassed him following his injury. 
The BCCI is set to appoint an ethics officer to look into cases of conflict of interest arising in the functioning of the board. Former CoA member Ramachandra Guha had pointed out towards a conflict of interest in the case of Rahul Dravid, who is India A' s coach and also a mentor of the Delhi Daredevils IPL franchise. 
A man threw bangles at Textiles Minister Smriti Irani at a function organised to mark three years of the Modi government in Amreli, Gujarat, on Monday. Irani was addressing the gathering when the man threw the bangles while shouting " Vande Mataram" . Irani asked the police to let off the man and said she would gift the bangles to his wife. 
Two senior immigration officers posted at the Mumbai International Airport were arrested for their involvement with a gang that helped people illegally fly out of the country. The immigration officers, Anil Surse and Harshal Patil, allegedly let people pass through the immigration without important checks. They helped at least 50 people without proper documentation leave the country, police said. 
An under- construction gurudwara' s roof collapsed in Haryana' s Panipat area on Monday, leaving at least one dead and seven others injured. " Many more are trapped under the debris and we are making efforts to pull them out. Rescue work is going on, " Panipat' s Deputy Superintendent of Police Atma Ram said. 
A group of activists organised beef festival in Aizawl on Monday when Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh visited Mizoram to hold a meeting with chief ministers of states sharing borders with Myanmar. The security arrangement for Rajnath' s visit to Aizawl was also beefed up in the wake of the beef festival being organised by ZOlife Group and some activists. 
A reticulated python, the longest snake species in the world, laid 28 eggs in Kolkata' s Alipore Zoo. Additionally, a rock python laid two eggs, both of which hatched while a Burmese python had laid 41 eggs in March. The eggs were collected and sealed using various materials and carefully preserved at 30- 33° C, according to reports. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi accepted an invitation to meet US President Donald Trump for the first time during his two- day visit to Washington DC from June 25. The two leaders, who have spoken over the phone at least thrice since Trump assumed office, will reportedly hold discussions on enhancing bilateral ties in the meeting. 
American basketball legend Michael Jordan' s Converse shoes which he wore during the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics gold medal match have been auctioned off for a record ? 1. 2 crore. They are considered the last pair of Converse shoes Jordan wore in an official game. Jordan scored 20 points, helping USA beat Spain 96- 65 in the gold medal match in August 1984. 
Fireside Ventures, a consumer brand- focused venture fund, has received commitments worth ? 180 crore from investors including Premji Invest and RP- Sanjiv Goenka group, among others. Fireside was started by Kanwaljit Singh, who has invested in Paper Boat, ID Fresh and several other companies. " We are aiming to become a top tier venture investor in the consumer brands space, " Singh said. 
Gujarat BJP ministers, Bhupendrasinh Chudasama and Atmaram Parmar, have sparked a controversy after they were seen attending an event meant to felicitate exorcists, where they were also seen shaking hands with nearly 100 exorcists. Later, one of the ministers also defended the act by terming it as a gathering of " worshippers of the divine" and not of believers of superstition. 
The Indian Railways is exploring self- propelled train sets similar to those used in the Delhi Metro, senior officials have said. Experts claim the technology will achieve faster acceleration of up to 160 km per hour and feature advanced protective measures like electro- pneumatic braking systems. A prototype, currently under construction, will begin trial runs next year. 
Supermodel Miranda Kerr on Sunday opened up about her marriage with Snapchat Co- founder and CEO Evan Spiegel for the first time and said their wedding was " magical" . She added, " We started the day, did yoga, and then our families came over and we literally all just had, like, this celebration in our backyard. " Kerr got married to Spiegel last month. 
Indian Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi has asked the government not to consider him for a second term, as his current tenure ends on June 19, 2017. He said that he considers his " three- year term as enough" and wishes to return to private practice. " I will come to the aid of the government as long as I live, " he added. 
An Australian man saved the life of a 2. 5- metre Pilbara Rock Olive Python, an endangered species, by lying next to it on a busy road so it could cross safely. It took five minutes for the python to cross the road, but Matthew Bager did not leave its side. Sharing the story, Facebook user Tracey Heimberger wrote, " you' re a legend! ! " 
A group of women working at a pub in Gurugram beat up around a dozen men making obscene gestures at them outside a mall at night. The men approached two of the women, and tried to pull one of them towards the car they came in. They fled after the women took off their slippers and beat them up. 
The GST reform should not be implemented with " jugaad" and the rollout date for the new tax regime should be postponed by a month, West Bengal Finance Minister Amit Mitra has said. The regime should be such that common people and small traders benefit alike, he added. Notably, the GST Council has lowered tax rates on 66 items including insulin. 
The Central Information Commission has directed a banks' consortium that lent a bad loan to Vijay Mallya' s Kingfisher Airlines to reveal details about not just the loan, but also about the loan' s approval. Banks earlier rejected an RTI petition, refusing to give most of the information about the process that led to " unwarranted" granting of loan that eventually went bad. 
An 80- year- old woman in Madhya Pradesh' s Bhopal was reportedly beaten by police, who accused her of hiding agitators inside her house. The police came to Kamla Bai' s house chasing protesters from a farmers' rally in a nearby village and injured her family members as well. The woman has gone on a fast, demanding that CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan meet her. 
A day after initiating a fast over the farmers' agitation in the state, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday ended his fast. Chouhan ended his ' peace fast' almost after 28 hours with coconut water. Earlier, the relatives of five farmers killed in police firing during the Mandsaur protests had asked Chouhan to discontinue his fast. 
A gambler lost £ 70, 000 ( over ? 57 lakh) as he believed that the UK election was " unlosable" for PM Theresa May. British bookmaker William Hill, which took the wager from an unnamed gambler, said around £ 20 million ( ? 164 crore) was wagered, the majority of it backing May. Notably, May lost her parliamentary majority after calling an early election to strengthen it. 
West Bengal' s capital Kolkata will get India' s first underwater metro system, which will pass through the Hooghly river. One of the two tunnels has been completed and is built 30 metres below the earth' s surface, near the Howrah Bridge. Notably, this is the first time in India that a tunnel has been made under a flowing river. 
Sonia Prajapati, a 25- year- old Delhi woman has claimed that she gave birth to a boy on June 2 at Delhi' s Safdarjung Hospital but the central government- run institute handed her a baby girl. The couple is now waiting for the report of a DNA test to confirm the identity of the baby. The hospital, however, denied any mistake. 
Pakistan- born London terrorist Khuram Butt, who masterminded last Saturday' s London Bridge attack, was trying to land a job with a firm that provides security at Wimbledon and other sporting events. The 27- year- old had previously worked six months with the London Underground metro before quitting in October. Butt and his aides rammed a high- speed van into pedestrians on the London Bridge. 
Fossils of a complete crocodile, turtles, and bones belonging to at least six different dinosaurs from the Cretaceous Period, 145 to 66 million years ago, have been excavated from a single site in China' s Jilin province. The 1. 5- metre- long crocodile fossil was well preserved from head to tail, with clear skin, which is quite rare among Cretaceous era findings, scientists said. 
According to reports, pictures of actors Rajinikanth and Amy Jackson from the sets of their upcoming film ' 2. 0' have been leaked online. Amy can be seen sporting a robot- like costume and seems to be sitting inside a vehicle in the picture. The film, reportedly being produced on a budget of ? 450 crore, also stars actor Akshay Kumar. 
A national- level kabaddi and wrestling player has reportedly been receiving rape threats by locals of her own village in Bihar over caste- based hatred. The girl said, " They ( the locals) say if backward caste girls start to play sports then what will girls from upper caste do. " Reportedly, she also went to the police but they did not take any action. 
Terming Pakistan- occupied Kashmir as the root cause of the persistent Kashmir unrest, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has said the only solution to the problem at this point of time is India acquiring the PoK territory. " PM should look into this issue and make a start in a phased manner to acquire PoK, " Ramdev added. 
Filmmaker Ketan Mehta has filed a complaint with Mumbai Police against Kangana Ranaut, accusing her of cheating. Mehta claimed in the complaint that after filming parts of his movie on Rani of Jhansi, Kangana left the film abruptly, and began shooting for ' Manikarnika' , another movie based on a similar theme. This resulted in a loss of ? 9 crore, claims Mehta. n
The Tamil Nadu government has claimed that the reports of ' plastic rice' being sold in the state that spread panic among the people are fake. This comes after the food safety department carried out inspections in more than 50 shops in the district of Tanjore to ensure that there are no incidents of plastic rice. 
Actress Jacqueline Fernandez, when asked if she will star opposite Salman Khan in Remo D' Souza' s upcoming dance film, said, " Fingers crossed. Pray for me. " Salman will reportedly play a trained dancer, who is father to a 13- year- old girl in the film. In an earlier interview, Salman revealed that although this a dance- based film, it is not a sequel to ' ABCD 2' . 
A Tamil Nadu couple went to attend a wedding after dropping their 17- year- old daughter at a herbal hospital and found her dead body in a freezer box kept at their doorstep on returning. The girl was being treated for epilepsy and weight loss at the hospital. Further, people have accused the hospital' s owner of having no authorisation from medical bodies. 
BJP President Amit Shah today said, " everyone present in the public meeting knows with what objective I called Mahatma Gandhi a baniya, " defending his statement that Gandhi knew Congress was a tool to fight for freedom. After Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala demanded an apology for " belittling" Gandhi, Shah added, " Surjewala has a lot to answer on Mahatma Gandhi' s principles. " 
A week after announcing that combat roles for women would be open soon, Army chief General Bipin Rawat on Saturday said, " Firstly, we will start with women as military police jawans, will take next step after success. " The Indian Army had kept combat roles off limit for women until now reportedly due to operational concerns and logistical issues. 
The Maharashtra government pleader on Friday informed the Bombay High Court it cannot find the notification classifying roads as state highways and other roads. Liquor vendors have filed petitions, alleging the excise department is not renewing their liquor license by claiming they are located on highways. However, the petitioners claim the outlets are located over 500 metres away from highways. 
The National Investigation Agency ( NIA) is set to revoke the Indian passport of Islamic Research Foundation President Dr Zakir Abdul Karim Naik, who is wanted in a criminal case under money laundering laws. The NIA, which claimed Naik has invested ? 104 crore in 10 companies and 19 properties, has initiated proceedings for a Red Corner Notice against the Islamic preacher. 
India' s Test team registered its first ever Test victory at Lord' s on their 11th attempt at the ground against England on June 10, 1986. India' s second victory at the ground came 28 years later, in July 2014. Interestingly, both of India' s Test victories at Lord' s came three years after winning the ODI World Cup titles in 1983 and 2011 respectively. 
A quiz centred around PM Narendra Modi and initiatives of the NDA government will be held for schoolchildren in Delhi to mark three years of the government. The quiz, based on Modi and initiatives like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao and demonetisation, is being held to create awareness about governance and politics, said Delhi BJP President Manoj Tiwari. 
A helicopter carrying pilgrims crashed in Badrinath on Saturday morning, killing a flight engineer and injuring the two pilots. The accident reportedly occurred due to insufficient air pressure in the chopper. The Agusta 119 helicopter, belonging to a Mumbai- based operator, was carrying five pilgrims and three crew members, and was travelling from Badrinath to Haridwar. 
According to reports, actor Akshay Kumar was the first choice to play actor Sohail Khan' s role in the upcoming film ' Tubelight' . However, Salman suggested Sohail as the chemistry between the two as brothers would come automatically. Salman revealed, " They wanted someone bigger so that we could crack the number game and earn more at the box office. " 
Virender Sehwag has revealed Virat Kohli used to be " shy and quiet" in front of senior players but used to be " very very naughty" when in the U- 19 team. Sehwag added that once Kohli fell ill and after being told by his U- 19 coach that he would not play the next match, his " fever went away" and he " started batting normally" . 
Union Minister of Science and Technology Harsh Vardhan, at a meet in Beijing, China, said that India will demonstrate the importance of the cow by carrying out verifiable scientific research. He added that scientists have been directed to come up with verifiable findings, whether positive or negative, to " settle controversies" about the benefits of cow' s milk and urine. 
The Supreme Court on Friday said that those who have Aadhaar cards must link it with PAN to file Income Tax returns. However, SC stayed the government' s order to make Aadhaar card mandatory for PAN holders and said it cannot be made mandatory for filing Income Tax returns. The apex court maintained that Aadhaar card is voluntary and not mandatory. 
A producer filed a petition claiming the title and story of Rajinikanth' s upcoming film ' Kaala Karikaalan' belongs to him. Further, he claimed that the film' s title has been registered with the South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce, and alleged that the chamber is misusing rules to " favour influential people" . He asked the court to restrain the film' s makers from shooting. 
An artificial intelligence robot called ' AI- MATHS' took a college entrance exam in China this week and scored a ' below average' grade despite finishing faster than humans. The robot scored 105 points out of 150 in 22 minutes without internet, while humans take two hours to complete it. Beijing students who took the maths exam last year scored 109 on average. 
India has signed the OECD multilateral convention that aims to check cross- border tax evasion by multinational companies. This will modify India' s treaties to curb revenue loss through treaty abuse and profit shifting strategies by ensuring that profits are taxed where substantive economic activities generating the profits are carried out. Notably, more than 65 countries signed the convention. 
Jet Airways pilots' body National Aviator' s Guild reportedly held an emergency meeting on Wednesday to chalk out an " action plan" after Delhi Police questioned pilots for allegedly sharing " obscene" WhatsApp messages about DGCA officials. An NAG member claimed DGCA did not inform the pilots of the issue beforehand while Delhi Police did not conduct a " preliminary inquiry" before questioning them. 
Rohan Rege, a bartender from JW Marriott Pune, has been named India' s best bartender and will represent the country at the ninth Diageo Reserve World Class competition in Mexico this August. Rege defeated 295 entrants, with participation increasing 41% since 2016. The bartenders participated in The Blind Tasting Round, The Speed Round and The Mystery Box Round. 
For the first time in Indian badminton' s history, three Indian male players are ranked inside the BWF world rankings' top- 15. Ajay Jayaram, Kidambi Srikanth and B Sai Praneeth occupy the 13th, 14th and 15th place respectively in the latest BWF rankings released on Thursday. India' s female shuttlers PV Sindhu and Saina Nehwal maintained their 3rd and 11th place respectively. 
Sacked FBI Director James Comey has revealed that he took notes of his conversations with President Donald Trump after their meetings as he thought Trump might lie about their discussions. Comey, who was leading an investigation into allegations of Russia' s interference in the US presidential elections, also confirmed that Trump has never been under investigation. 
Actress Disha Patani has shared pictures on Instagram with her rumoured boyfriend Tiger Shroff' s sister Krishna. Disha captioned the photo series, " The Vella effect" . She can be seen posing with Krishna using different filters, including ones that give them turbans, saris and even the head accessory that the film character Wonder Woman is seen wearing. 
A former judge, A K Raghav, allegedly opened fire at Haryana electricity board workers while they were fixing power transmission line outside his home at Civil Lines in Gurugram on Thursday. Raghav was reportedly irritated over the frequent power cuts in the area. " He fired a few shots in the air and four towards the workers" , a police official said. 
The Bombay High Court today asked all people opposing the destruction of mangroves for Metro rail project to be practical. " There was a need for Metro. The traffic in Mumbai is becoming bad to worse, " the HC said. " Metro should have been in Mumbai 30 years ago. You ( the government) are doing it 30 years later, " it added. 
Dimple Kapadia, who turned 60 on Thursday, made her acting debut at the age of 16 opposite Rishi Kapoor in the 1973 film Bobby. For portraying the female lead Bobby Braganza, Dimple was named one of the winners of Best Actress Filmfare Award. Notably, Dimple stopped acting in films on marrying Rajesh Khanna in the same year of her debut. 
Reacting to academician Partha Chatterjee comparing him with General Dyer, Army chief General Bipin Rawat on Thursday said that he is not hurt by the comparison. " See, I am an Army officer, just anything cannot affect me. You have to be prepared to face such. . . People can misinterpret ( comments made by him) , " Rawat said. 
Actress Fatima Sana Shaikh was slammed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramzan in a picture she shared on social media. Some users compared her to a slut and criticised her for wearing " inappropriate" , " indecent" clothes during Ramzan. Meanwhile, other users supported the actress and said that it is her choice to wear what she wants. 
Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi on Thursday pushed a policeman as he was trying to enter violence- hit Mandsaur in Madhya Pradesh where five farmers were killed in police firing on Tuesday. Gandhi further stormed out of his jeep, rode pillion on a bike to dodge the cops, and angrily said, " Aap kaise mujhe rok sakte ho? ( How can you stop me? ) " 
The government has directed all colleges and universities to stop accepting students' fees in cash and resort to digital modes from the next academic session. In an HRD Ministry directive, colleges were told to pay vendors, salaries and wages only through online or digital modes. Campus canteens were " encouraged" to use the government' s BHIM payments app for all transactions. 
Singer Himesh Reshammiya and his wife Komal, who had been married for 22 years, finally got their divorce finalised on Wednesday. In December 2016, Himesh and Komal confirmed to the media that they were seeking legal separation. Himesh had earlier said, " Komal and I have amicably decided to part ways. . . Komal is and will always remain a part of our family. " 
A woman travelling with nine- month- old daughter in an autorickshaw in Gurugram was allegedly gang- raped by three men, who threw the baby out of the vehicle, leading to her death. One of the accused was the driver of the autorickshaw. Reportedly, she reached her in- law' s place the next morning and boarded a metro to visit a doctor with the dead body. 
Actor Anupam Kher' s look as former Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh has been revealed in the upcoming film The Accidental Prime Minister' s first poster. " To reinvent yourself as an actor is to challenge yourself. Looking forward to portraying Dr Manmohan Singh, " tweeted Kher while sharing the poster. Directed by Vijay Ratnakar Gutte, the film has been written by Hansal Mehta. 
Accusing Pakistan of providing a breeding ground to banned terror groups Taliban and Haqqani network, US think tank CSIS said that " Pakistan is more of a threat than an ally" . US should make it clear to Pakistan that it faces a total end to aid, and the imposition of sanctions, if it continues to support terrorism, the think tank added. 
A marriage was interrupted in Vellore when a man pushed aside his elder brother and tied a thali ( holy thread) around the 20- year- old bride' s neck. The two had secretly been dating after he visited her to arrange his elder brother' s marriage. The younger brother was beaten up, the elder brother remains missing while the bride refused to marry anyone else. 
A soldier of the Territorial army was martyred and at least three militants were killed in an encounter that broke out in Nagaland' s Mon district on Wednesday morning. The encounter, which is still underway, also claimed the life of a civilian in the area. Additionally, at least three soldiers were injured. 
A goat in UP chewed up currency notes worth ? 66, 000 while his owner was bathing on Monday. Farmer Sarvesh Kumar Pal, who raised an alarm but managed to save only ? 4, 000, said people have suggested he sell the goat to a butcher. However, Pal and his wife said, " We cannot be cruel to our pet. It' s like our own child. " 
ISRO launched India' s heaviest and most powerful rocket GSLV MK- III on Monday, also carrying GSAT- 19, the heaviest satellite launched by an Indian rocket. The 3, 136- kg communications satellite is the first to be powered by indigenous Lithium- ion batteries and can be the first to provide " Internet services using a space- based platform" . It will also help study space radiation effects on satellites. 
Responding to NDTV' s allegations that CBI raided its premises " without conducting a preliminary enquiry" , the agency clarified that searches were conducted based on warrants by a competent court. CBI added investigations against Prannoy and Radhika Roy were not regarding loan default, but wrongful gain of ? 48 crore. CBI further dismissed NDTV' s charges, saying it " fully respects freedom of press" . 
Delhi government has told power distribution companies to inform people of unscheduled power cuts via SMS, besides increasing the number of call centre attendants for complaints. Deputy CM Manish Sisodia added that information about scheduled power cuts should be given on distributers' websites. The government is also planning to ask distributors to compensate people for outages over two hours. 
Delhi Police is examining a group of pilots after Directorate General of Civil Aviation filed a complaint against them for making obscene remarks about its officials in a WhatsApp chat. About 34 pilots of private fliers including Jet Airways were questioned over the matter. " The text. . . was highly objectionable. . . and obscene language was used against family members of DGCA officials, " reports said. 
Former cricketer Virender Sehwag has reportedly sent a two- line resume to BCCI for the post of head coach of the Indian cricket team. " Mentor and a coach of Kings XI Punjab in the Indian Premier League and has played with all these boys before, " his application stated. BCCI' s Committee of Administrators has now asked Sehwag to send a detailed application. 
Delhi Police on Monday arrested a 32- year- old man for allegedly stalking BJP leader Nupur Sharma. The man, who hails from Vadodara, sent obscene and threatening messages on Facebook, Twitter, email, besides text messages after which Sharma filed a complaint with the police. He was accused of using abusive language and threatening Sharma with dire consequences, besides accessing her family details. 
A 21- year- old girl from Tamil Nadu tried to stop a wedding in Vikravandi, insisting the groom, Gopalakrishnan, had promised to marry her. The girl, Archana, staged a dharna at the ceremony when his family asked her to leave. After the police got involved, Gopalakrishnan confessed to dating Archana and agreed to marry her, leaving his fiancée at the altar. 
Indian Army chief General Bipin Rawat on Tuesday reportedly said that all options are open against Pakistan' s aggression along the Line of Control ( LoC) and the international border. His statement comes as tensions continue to simmer along the India- Pakistan border, with several ceasefire violations being reported in recent months. 
Members of the Indian cricket team reportedly avoided absconding liquor baron Vijay Mallya during a charity ball organised by Virat Kohli' s foundation in London for the Justice and Care organisation. The Indian cricket team players maintained distance from the fugitive businessman and were reportedly forced to leave early in order to avoid any controversy. 
A man dug up a national highway in Jangaon district, Telangana, saying Lord Shiva appeared in his dream and told him he would find a " Shiva ling" there. The man was joined by villagers who conducted special prayers and dug 20 feet deep on a stretch of the Warangal- Hyderabad highway. The police have booked the accused for damaging public property. 
The government has changed an over 50- year- old rule by setting a deadline of six months to complete probes in corruption cases involving government employees. It has amended the Central Civil Services ( Classification, Control and Appeal) Rules, 1965, in order to speed up investigation in such cases. Earlier, there was no such time frame to complete such enquiries. 
Comedian Kapil Sharma, while responding to a fan' s query about Sunil Grover returning to his show, tweeted, " Jab b unka dil kare. . . I told him many times. " Sunil has not shot for the show after he and Kapil were involved in a brawl on a flight in March. Kapil reportedly physically assaulted Sunil and threw a shoe at him. 
RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav' s daughter Misa Bharti has been issued fresh summons and slapped with a penalty of ? 10, 000 for not appearing before the I- T department despite a prior notice over a dubious land deal. Bharti, accused of buying 6- acre property in Delhi worth ? 100 crore for ? 1. 4 crore, has been summoned in the case along with her husband. 
A 53- year- old man and a 49- year- old woman, who were married for 20 days in 1998, have been granted divorce by a Delhi court 20 years after their marriage. The couple got married after meeting through a newspaper matrimonial advertisement, with the husband filing for divorce after the wife was arrested for misappropriation of funds. The couple also has a daughter. 
The website of National Institute of Technology, Srinagar, was hacked on Monday, with hackers posting " Free Kashmir" and anti- Indian Army messages. The portal was hacked by a group named Team Pak Cyber Skullz, who also posted messages demanding the removal of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister. " Freedom from the evil of the Indian Military, " one of the posts read. 
Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui has said that initially he felt he was forced to dance but started enjoying dancing while doing the film Munna Michael, which stars Tiger Shroff. " I learnt a lot by observing Tiger' s dancing steps. . . I think I have tried to reach nearly 5 per cent of his dancing skills, " added Nawazuddin. 
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has decided to gift cows to the poor farmers across the state, with the first batch of cattle to be given to North 24 Parganas and Hooghly districts. " This will not only ensure better living conditions for the cattle population, but will generate alternative employment opportunities for farmers, " said an agriculture department officer. 
As per reports, PM Narendra Modi has written a letter to producer BR Shetty, expressing his support for the Mohanlal starrer upcoming film on Mahabharata, which is said to have a budget of ? 1, 000 crore. Modi has reportedly written that he is awaiting the release of the film, which will be a matter of pride for the entire nation. 
Actor Salman Khan has said that he has taken a ' panga' by signing Remo D' Souza' s dance film, and was a fool to sign ' Tiger Zinda Hai' due to the strenuous action sequences. " I am jumping off the building, running and shooting, doing all action. . . I feel one day my knee will come out, " added Salman. 
Pictures of Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan' s first child, Taimur Ali Khan, have surfaced online. One of the photographs shows Taimur and mother Kareena at actor Tusshar Kapoor' s son Laksshya' s recently held first birthday celebrations. Notably, Taimur was born in December 2016. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath' s office has ordered to suspend two sub- inspectors after they were pictured at a party with criminals. This comes after the pictures of the party went viral on social media. The party was thrown in the policemen' s honour at the Radha Kund police post in Mathura after they were transferred to different posts. 
Two men staged a mock wedding in Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu, to protest the reopening of state- owned liquor shops in the state. People had earlier forced closure of liquor outlets, citing the ill- effects of alcohol. The shops reopened recently, with protestors staging the mock wedding saying, " If you are an alcoholic, we will not let our women marry you. " 
Kannada actress Avantika Shetty has accused producer K Suresh of harassing her and objectifying her during the shoot of the film Raju Kannada Medium. Avantika wrote that she noticed that it was not her performance the producer was bothered about. She has approached a Karnataka court for a settlement and has also registered a formal complaint with the Karnataka Film Chamber. 
A horse broke its harness tied to a tonga and crashed through the windscreen of a car as it went berserk due to intense heat in Rajasthan' s Jaipur on Monday. The accident resulted in injuries for the animal and the car' s owner who was driving it. While the animal is still recuperating, the car owner was discharged after first aid. 
Delhi' s Jazz music club ' Piano Man' has sparked a controversy for allegedly insulting the Dalit community by agreeing to host a band named ' Bhangijumping' . A change. org petition has also been created demanding shutting down of the " casteist club" . The petition added that when the issue was brought to the club' s notice, it justified the name ' Bhangi' calling it ' artistic expression' . 
Emirates, Etihad, Air Arabia and flydubai have suspended flights to Qatar starting Tuesday, after the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Egypt, Libya and Yemen broke off all diplomatic ties with the fellow Gulf Arab state. The countries accused Qatar of supporting " terrorism" and " extremism, " in the Gulf Arab region' s worst rift in years. Meanwhile, Qatar Airways suspended all flights to Saudi. n
A sting operation against Apple by Australian consumer watchdog has revealed the staff repeatedly misled iPhone customers over ' error 53' malfunction. The watchdog said the staff wrongly denied consumers free replacements or repair if they had taken their devices to an unauthorised third- party repairer. Between 2014 and 2016, ' error 53' malfunction rendered many iPhones and iPads useless. 
Actor Salman Khan has said that his upcoming film ' Tubelight' will not break the records of SS Rajamouli' s ' Baahubali 2' . He added, " Hindi film- goers lapped up the film despite watching a dubbed version of it. " Salman further said that ' Baahubali 2' got box- office success because of Hindi cine- goers. 
Union Minister Arjun Meghwal was seen climbing a tree with the help of a ladder in a village in Rajasthan' s Bikaner on Sunday to make a call for a clearer mobile phone signal. As per reports, the 62- year- old later directed setting up mobile towers in the area within three months at a cost of ? 13 lakh. 
The India- Pakistan match at Edgbaston, Birmingham, on Sunday saw a record turnout at the venue, despite the London twin attacks. The venue recorded a turnout of 24, 156, which was the highest attendance ever for an ODI at the venue. Following the London attacks, security was beefed up in Birmingham, with the Indian team hotel being put under a temporary lockdown. 
One of 2017' s most anticipated smartphones, OnePlus 5 is expected to launch on June 15 with a dual primary camera setup. According to recent leaks, the device will have 4, 000 mAh battery powered by Dash Charge technology with 8 GB RAM and 128 GB internal storage. It will be the first Android flagship with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor. 
Businessman Vijay Mallya, who is wanted in India for foreign exchange violation, debt recovery and embezzlement- related cases, was spotted at the India- Pakistan Champions Trophy match in Birmingham on Sunday. Mallya fled to UK in March last year and is currently out on bail after being arrested by Scotland Yard in April. Mallya owes Indian banks approximately ? 9, 000 crore with interest. 
CRPF personnel foiled a suicide attack in Bandipora district of Jammu and Kashmir, killing four terrorists who tried to attack their camp on early Monday morning. The heavily armed militants, carrying three petrol bombs, were reportedly trying to burn down the camp. Four AK 47 rifles and over a dozen grenades were recovered from the militants, the police confirmed. 
For the first time, Pakistan' s Sindh government has recruited 46 women in the police' s counter- terror department for combat operations and intelligence gathering, according to reports. The women who have been selected after various tests, interviews, and medical examinations will be trained for six months by the country' s Army. Notably, less than 2% of Pakistani police officers are women. 
The world' s fastest elevator that can operate at a record speed of 1, 260 meters per minute is set to be installed in a skyscraper complex in China. The elevator has various safety features including brake equipment that uses materials with high heat resistance. Apart from this, the elevator can absorb vibration during the high- speed operation to make the ride comfortable. 
Actress Dia Mirza has said that there is no uncertainty about the fact that she and her husband would like to adopt children. She added, " Procreation is such a natural human process, yet see the population density on the planet, and you are forced to question whether we need to procreate. " Dia got married to Sahil Sangha in 2014. 
Speaking on the issue of cross- border aggression by Pakistan, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the Indian Army has been given the permission not to keep a record of bullets if Pakistani forces fire even one bullet. " Pakistan is trying to disturb peace and tranquillity in J& K time and again, but this practice will not continue for long, " Singh added. 
Army Chief General Bipin Rawat has said women will soon be inducted in combat roles in the Army, the process for which has started. Currently, women are only allowed in medical, legal, educational, signals and engineering wings of the Army. Most countries do not allow women in combat roles, with USA, UK and Germany being among the few who do. 
Pakistan' s Inter- Services Intelligence agency is reportedly sending its agents to display banners on the Kashmir issue at the India- Pakistan Champions Trophy match in Birmingham on Sunday. Slogans like " Kashmir Seeks Attention" , " Kashmir is bleeding" , " We stand with Kashmir" and " Free the state of Jammu and Kashmir now" will be displayed in order to grab international attention. 
As per a report, 3, 075 grooms got married at gunpoint in Bihar in 2016. The practice, known as ' Pakadwa Vivah' , led to 3, 001 grooms getting married at gunpoint in the state in 2015 and 2, 533 in 2014. According to police figures, Bihar reported 830 kidnappings for marriage by March this year, and eight cases of kidnappings for ransom. 
The Uttar Pradesh Congress on Saturday released a booklet in Lucknow in which Kashmir was labelled as ' Indian- occupied Kashmir' . The booklet, released to target BJP- led NDA government on completion of three years, was released by Ghulam Nabi Azad and Raj Babbar. Congress leader Ajay Maken said it was a " printing error" and apologised for the same. 
As per reports, Thugs of Hindostan' s producer Aditya Chopra has agreed to share 70% of the film' s profit with actor Aamir Khan. Post Dangal' s success, it is being said that only few people question Aamir on his deals. A source said, " If Thugs of Hindostan makes that amount of money ( ? 1, 000 crore) , Adi ( Aditya Chopra) will get almost ? 300 crore. " 
Stating that India has been successful in facing off the challenges posed by the Islamic State, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the terrorist group failed in the country despite a large Muslim population. Singh also spoke about the situation in Kashmir and the challenge of Naxalism and added that the security situation in India has largely been under control. 
Actress Aditi Rao Hydari revealed that a fire broke out on Thursday evening on the sets of Sanjay Dutt' s comeback film Bhoomi but no one was injured. Aditi added, " We were shooting for the song with Ganesh ( Acharya) master when a short circuit caused a fire. There were about 300 people on set, including the dancers, cast and crew. " 
Uttar Pradesh minister Satyadev Pachauri' s guard' s gun got stuck in an MRI machine as he entered the chamber flouting the protocol and damaged the unit that costs nearly ? 5 crore. Reportedly, the minister, who had fallen unconscious while he was giving a speech at BJP government' s third anniversary celebration in Hardoi, fled from the MRI room soon after the incident. 
An Army convoy was attacked by Hizbul Mujahideen militants on Jammu- Srinagar National Highway in Anantnag district on Saturday, resulting in the martyrdom of two soldiers and injuries to four others. Militants opened indiscriminate firing on the Army convoy, which was going to Srinagar. The area was later cordoned off and traffic on the highway was stopped. 
A sculpture of enormous hands emerging from a canal has come up in Venice, Italy. The white hands weigh an estimated 2, 500 kilogrammes each and are 9 metres high. The hand sculpture, created by artist Lorenzo Quinn using recycled materials, is named ' Support' and aimed at raising awareness of global warming. 
A 12- year- old boy died after setting himself on fire at Venkatapuram in Hyderabad while trying to imitate the actions of a cartoon character of a TV show. The boy saw the cartoon character laughing while burning in flames, and went to the terrace to do the same. He suffered 40% burn injuries and later succumbed to his injuries. 
BJP MP from Barabanki Priyanka Rawat tossed a plastic water bottle into Saryu during an inspection of an embankment on the river. Rawat was accompanied by UP Water Resources Minister Dharampal Singh, who, incidentally, gave a speech on how to keep rivers clean. Singh and Rawat had travelled more than 100 kilometres to Gonda from Lucknow for the embankment inspection. 
A young couple from Wales has made their children quit school and sold most of their possessions to travel the world. Clare and Ian Fisher said, " There' s no limit on how long we go for, " while planning their trip starting with Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Malaysia, and Indonesia. Meanwhile, they will teach their children using an online school every day. 
PM Narendra Modi on Friday said that the Indian side has not fired a single bullet in the last 40 years because of the border dispute with China. However, he acknowledged that " we have a border dispute with China" . He was responding to a question asking whether there is discord due to China' s One Belt One Road ( OBOR) project. 
The Ranbir Kapoor starrer biopic on actor Sanjay Dutt has postponed its release date to March 30, 2018. The film was earlier set for a release on Christmas this year, which would have been the same release date as the Salman Khan starrer Tiger Zinda Hai. Hirani reportedly did not want to release the biopic alongside another big- budget film. 
IT major Wipro on Friday said it has reinforced security measures at all its office locations after receiving a second threat email. However, it did not specify the nature of the threat, and stated that there was no impact on the company' s operations. Earlier, Wipro received an email demanding ? 500 crore in Bitcoin and threatening a bio- attack on its offices. 
India on Friday successfully test- fired its indigenously developed nuclear- capable Prithvi- II missile from the Integrated Test Range in Odisha as part of a user trial by the Indian armed forces. The surface- to- surface medium- range ballistic missile, which was inducted into Indian armed forces in 2003, is capable of carrying 500- 1, 000 kg of warheads and is thrust by liquid propulsion twin engines. 
Sanjay Dutt has said he has missed watching his kids grow up owing to his prison term. He is the father to twins Iqra and Shahraan. " Now all three of us do not seem to get enough of each other. I forget the world when I am with them. I want to involve myself more in their day- to- day lives, " added Sanjay. 
Russia has said it is preparing to supply S- 400 Triumf anti- aircraft missile systems, one of the world' s most advanced missile defence systems, to India. The system has the capability to destroy incoming hostile aircraft, missiles, and drones at ranges of up to 400 km. It can fire three types of missiles, create a layered defence, and simultaneously engage 36 targets. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra' s Hollywood debut film which released on Friday, " makes for a decent one- time watch. Priyanka is convincing as ruthless Victoria. . . , " wrote India Today. " Unfunny. . . the film deserves to be drowned" , wrote Hindustan Times. " Priyanka looks smokin' hot in this two- hour- long behind the scenes footage, masquerading as a film" , wrote TOI. It was rated 2. 5/ 5 ( IT, TOI) , 1/ 5 ( HT) . 
American journalist Megyn Kelly is being trolled on Twitter for asking India' s PM Narendra Modi, " Are you on Twitter? " , after he referred to her recent tweet with an umbrella. " While @ narendramodi had done his homework Ms. Kelly had not researched her subjects well, " a tweet read. Citing Kelly' s and Modi' s Twitter followers, another user tweeted, " 2. 3M vs 30M+ followers. : - D. " 
Ahead of Raymond' s meeting to consider sale of JK House to its promoters and extended family, Chairman Gautam Singhania said his personal opinion would be to vote against the resolution. Earlier, proxy advisory firm IiAS had slammed the proposal saying Raymond' s promoters were trying to buy the property at a 90% discount, which would result in a ? 650 crore loss. 
Tesla has fired engineer AJ Vandermeyden who accused the automaker of ignoring her complaints of sexual harassment and paying her less than her male counterparts. Vandermeyden had claimed she was taunted and catcalled by male employees. The company argued that she received special treatment at the expense of others, yet chose to " pursue a miscarriage of justice by suing Tesla. " 
Maharashtra farmers, who are currently on an indefinite strike in protest against the state' s inaction, emptied a milk van onto a road on World Milk Day on Thursday. The farmers also stopped goods- carrying trucks on highways and threw away fruits and vegetables in the trucks. They have been demanding crop loan waivers, interest- free loans and a pension scheme, among others. 
Days after the Centre banned the sale of cattle for slaughter in the animal markets across the country, cows are being sold online on e- marketplaces such as OLX. " It' s too dangerous keeping cows anymore. Anyone can come and beat us, " said a cattle owner adding that he was open to a distress sale for 50% less than the market price. 
Model Rachel Rickert has claimed that she was fired from her job of representing car maker Hyundai at an auto show for being on her period. Rachel reportedly was not allowed to take a break due to which her clothes were stained. When she asked for a change of clothes, Rickert was asked to leave for the day and eventually fired. 
The Indian Army on Thursday said its troops killed five Pakistani soldiers in retaliatory firing along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir. This comes after an Indian civilian was reportedly killed and a BSF soldier was injured in ceasefire violations earlier in the day. Meanwhile, Pakistan summoned the Indian Deputy High Commissioner alleging that India killed Pakistani civilians. 
A German court on Wednesday ruled that the parents of a teenager, who died in 2012 after falling in front of an underground train, had no claim to access her Facebook details or chat history. The family had said it wanted to know whether the girl' s death was suicide and, if so, whether it was the consequence of online bullying. 
Afghanistan has accused Pakistan' s spy agency ISI and the Pakistan- based banned terrorist outfit Haqqani Network of planning the Kabul blast, which killed 90 people and injured over 350 on Wednesday. An Interior Ministry spokesperson said that the Pakistan spy agency' s role in the blast has been established, adding that India suffers from Pakistan- sponsored terror too. 
The Bihar Board class 12 Humanities topper Ganesh Kumar is untraceable since the results were declared on Tuesday. According to a report, his birth year in the admission form is 1993, making him 24 years old. The form mentions only his permanent address, 250 kilometres away from school. Moreover, he secured 65/ 70 in Music practical and 18/ 30 in theory. 
India have played the ICC Champions Trophy in all the previous seven editions and won the tournament in 2013, while finishing as joint- winners with Sri Lanka in 2002. India had won the 2013 edition without dropping a single match. The 2017 edition will be the first major ICC tournament for Virat Kohli as the captain of the Indian team. 
Comedian Kapil Sharma was hospitalised on Wednesday, after he complained of uneasiness while shooting for an upcoming episode of his show. The shooting of the show was also cancelled. Reports suggest Kapil was feeling unwell as his blood pressure had shot up. " There' s nothing to worry. He' s fine now, " said comedian Kiku Sharda, who is also a part of Kapil' s show. n 
Former India captain Sourav Ganguly has said Australian spinner Shane Warne sledged him continuously for 10 years. " We were playing for different counties and he would sledge me. Even when it was Rajasthan Royals vs Kolkata Knight Riders, he would start sledging me from the toss itself, " said Ganguly. Warne replied saying, " Sourav never said a word back. " 
Responding to an RTI query on Subhash Chandra Bose, the Central government has said Netaji died in a plane crash in 1945. The Ministry of Home Affairs further clarified that man named Gumnamibaba or Bhagwanji, who was rumoured to be Bose reportedly living incognito in Uttar Pradesh till 1985, was not the nationalist leader himself. 
Urging the Centre to declare cow as the national animal, Rajasthan High Court judge Mahesh Chandra Sharma today said that peacock is the national bird because it does not have sex to reproduce. " The peahen gets pregnant by drinking the tears of the peacock. Even Lord Krishna carried the feather of a peacock on his head for this reason, " Sharma added. 
Forum for IT employees has requested the Maharashtra Labour Commissioner to order Tech Mahindra to stop illegal removal of IT employees immediately, and establish conciliation between the management and staff. However, Tech Mahindra has denied layoff claims, saying, " As a performance driven organisation, we assess employee performance on a regular basis and take necessary actions. " 
The Kerala High Court on Wednesday said there is no need to interfere with the Centre' s ban on sale of cattle for slaughter as it does not violate the Constitution. The HC made the statement while hearing a public interest litigation ( PIL) which sought to quash the notification on ban of sale of cattle for slaughter. 
Actress Katrina Kaif has denied rumours that she got Deepika Padukone dropped from filmmaker Aanand L Rai' s upcoming film that stars Shah Rukh Khan. " I do not think any actor in today' s day and age is going around putting stipulations on their director, " said Katrina. She further refused to confirm whether she was starring in the film. 
According to reports, Salman Khan will feature in a double role in Judwaa 2, starring Varun Dhawan. Salman will reappear as twins Raja and Prem, the characters he portrayed in Judwaa ( 1997) , after a gap of 20 years, said a source. " His [ Salman' s] judwaa will come face- to- face with Varun' s double role, possibly bantering in the climax scene, " added the source. 
Sacked Delhi minister Kapil Mishra was on Wednesday assaulted by Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) MLAs inside the Assembly as he tried to raise slogans against Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Health Minister Satyendar Jain. Mishra alleged that the assault was ordered by Kejriwal, and dared the AAP convener to come out clean on the allegations levelled against him. 
Scientists are building the world' s first wind farm powered by giant kites in the UK. The kites would fly at 300 metres high in loops generating power via a tether connected to a generator. Scotland- based company Kite Power Systems has successfully tested a 40- kilowatt version. The company plans to build ten 500- kilowatt systems by 2020 that would power 5, 500 homes. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra has been slammed on Facebook by a user who wrote that she should have the " basic sense of covering" her legs when she met PM Narendra Modi in Berlin. Other users pointed out that she should have worn an " Indian dress" and should not have been sitting cross- legged in front of the PM. 
Narendra Modi became the first Indian PM to visit Spain in nearly 30 years, after he reached the country on Tuesday night. The previous Indian PM to visit Spain was Rajiv Gandhi, in 1988. Modi tweeted " Landed in Spain, marking the start of a very important visit aimed at improving economic and cultural relations with Spain, " in Spanish and English. 
As per reports, Virat Kohli has described Anil Kumble' s approach as " intimidating" while giving feedback about his coaching skills. A BCCI official also reportedly said that Kumble conducts himself like a " school headmaster" in the dressing room, which has made the players unhappy. BCCI has invited applications for the post of India' s head coach, with Kumble' s tenure ending in June. 
During the joint statement with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin on Tuesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Germany and India are made for each other. Modi praised Merkel' s " strong leadership" and said an EU- focused vision is what the world needs. Modi, who is in Germany as part of his four- nation tour, signed eight agreements with Germany. 
Amid reports of mass layoffs, former Infosys CFO V Balakrishnan has said, " IT industry is not bad, IT industry people are well taken care of, well- paid, and they find opportunities. " " So, I do not find a need for union in this industry, " he stated. He further noted, " Even if there is a union, I do not think it will impact the industry much. " 
Slain Hizbul commander Sabzar Ahmad Bhat remained in hiding for nearly 10 hours without firing a single bullet at the troops during the encounter, Army sources said. Bhat, who succeeded Burhan Wani, also sent text messages from his handset to gather a crowd of stone- pelters at the encounter site to provide him cover, the sources added. 
Nearly 64% of the 12 lakh Class 12 students of the Bihar board have failed in this year' s examinations after its results were declared on Tuesday. In the Science stream, 69% students failed while 25% students failed in the Commerce stream. The officials said the pass percentage has come down as several steps were taken to stop cheating and malpractices. 
Actor Akshay Kumar has said that a clash is bound to happen, when asked about the same release date for his film Toilet: Ek Prem Katha and Shah Rukh Khan' s yet untitled film with Imtiaz Ali. " Tell me a guy who does not have a clash? Clash is going to happen. There are 180 films that release every year, " added Akshay. 
Anil Ambani- led Reliance Communications said it has told lenders that it would repay ? 25, 000 crore before September 30, 2017. The amount is expected to be generated from two of its business deals. Notably, Reliance Communications' net debt stood at ? 44, 345. 30 crore as on March 31 and reports said it defaulted on loan obligations with more than 10 banks. 
A Nepal Army plane crashed on Tuesday, killing the pilot and injuring two crew members, during an emergency landing triggered by bad weather, reports said. The aircraft carrying food supplies overshot the runway by about 50 metres and crashed in a field. This is the second accident involving a cargo aircraft in less than a week in the country. 
Thailand was named the world' s best destination for relaxation at the 6th Lonely Planet India Travel Awards in Mumbai. While Austria was named the best destination for romance, Spain was named the best destination for food and drink and Japan was named the best destination for culture. Further, Singapore was named the best family destination. 
The government is planning to bring 14 new categories, including acid attack survivors, under the Disability Act, 2016. Currently, it provides benefits to seven categories including blindness, hearing impairment, mental illness and leprosy. The new categories which will be added include muscular dystrophy, cerebral palsy, dwarfism, thalassemia, multiple disabilities ( two or more disabilities) . 
A video of a newborn baby in Brazil walking minutes after her birth has gone viral on social media. The video, which has amassed over 8 crore views on Facebook, shows a nurse supporting the baby while she walks. The nurse can be heard saying, " Oh my gosh, the girl is walking. Good gracious! " 
According to reports, The Kapil Sharma Show has got an extension of two months after Salman Khan' s show ' Dus Ka Dum' has been postponed to January 2018. Sources say the TRPs of Kapil' s show have improved recently. Earlier, it was reported that Kapil was given a month to improve the show' s TRP, after cast members including Sunil Grover stopped shooting. 
According to reports, actor Shahid Kapoor has advised his younger half- brother Ishaan Khatter that link- up rumours can prove damaging to his career and that he should keep his private life discreet. He is rumoured to be dating Sridevi' s daughter Jhanvi Kapoor after they were spotted together at movies. Ishaan will make his acting debut in upcoming film Beyond The Clouds. 
Actor Akshay Kumar on Sunday attended the screening of rumoured ex- girlfriend Pooja Batra' s film Mirror Games in Mumbai. The actor reportedly made a brief appearance and did not stay to watch the film. According to a source, Akshay' s wife Twinkle was also supposed to join him but could not attend the event as she had to travel. 
Indian captain Virat Kohli has shared a picture of himself with teammates MS Dhoni, Ajinkya Rahane and Umesh Yadav, among others, at a restaurant. " One from last night, meal with the boys after a good day at work! " wrote Kohli. India had beaten New Zealand by 45 runs ( D/ L method) in a rain- curtailed warm- up match on Sunday. 
A man claiming to be Parineeti Chopra' s classmate from her school in Ambala posted on Facebook that she was lying at a recent event when she said that she used to cycle to school as she was poor. He wrote, " Shame. . . coming from a privileged background and lying. . . I guess this is what being a celebrity means. Create a fabricated sob story. " 
WB PWD Minister Arup Biswas was on Monday seen flaunting red beacon atop his car despite the Centre' s month- old decision to ban its use to end VIP culture. " Our government has not yet banned red beacon. So we are not bound to follow the other instructions, " Biswas said. The beacon ban, effective from May 1, exempted vehicles of emergency services. 
A high alert has been sounded in Pathankot after a suspicious bag containing Army uniforms was found near Mamun military station on Sunday night. The three uniforms recovered from the bag have ' Jammu' written over them. A search operation is being conducted by the Army and Special Weapons and Tactics ( SWAT) team. 
Kerala Youth Congress suspended the party' s workers who organised a protest wherein they slaughtered a cow in public in Kannur on Sunday. The workers also distributed the cooked meat to people. " What happened in Kerala yesterday is thoughtless, barbaric and completely unacceptable to me and the Congress Party. I strongly condemn the incident, " Rahul Gandhi said in a tweet. 
Kannada film director Madan and four others were arrested for allegedly kidnapping Paramesh, the owner of an advertising agency. Paramesh was paid ? 16. 3 lakh for promoting Madan' s film Eradu Kanasu. However, Madan asked Paramesh to return ? 8 lakh as he was unhappy with the agency' s work. After kidnapping Paramesh, Madan demanded ransom from his family. 
Pakistani Finance Minister Ishaq Dar has presented a ? 2. 9 lakh crore annual budget, hiking defence spending by nearly 7% to ? 56, 657 crore, amid growing tensions with India along the Line of Control. Stating that Pakistan' s economy has grown to over ? 19 lakh crore, Dar also announced a 10% hike in salaries of soldiers who defeated militants in 2014 Operation Zarb- e- Azb. 
While talking about the human shield controversy, Indian Army Chief General Bipin Rawat said on Sunday, soldiers need " innovative ways" to fight the " dirty war" in Kashmir. He said, if people are throwing stones, he cannot tell his men to " just wait and die" . " I would have been happy if the protesters were firing weapons. . . instead of throwing stones, " he added. 
According to reports, Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif will star together in an upcoming Karan Johar film. The filmmaker wants to feature the duo as he finds their chemistry sizzling, said a source close to Johar' s production house. Salman and Katrina have previously worked together in movies Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya, Partner and Ek Tha Tiger. 
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput has said that he does not mind men flirting with him and takes it as a compliment. However, he added that he does not usually expect attention from men. Meanwhile, it has been rumoured that Sushant has been dating actress Kriti Sanon since they started filming for their upcoming film ' Raabta' . 
Snapchat' s 26- year- old Co- founder Evan Spiegel on Saturday got married to 34- year- old supermodel Miranda Kerr after dating her for over two years. The couple, who got engaged in July last year, first met at a Louis Vuitton dinner in New York in 2014. This is Kerr' s second marriage after previously being wed to British actor Orlando Bloom for three years. 
Hollywood actor Ben Stiller announced his separation from wife Christine Taylor after 17 years of marriage on Friday. The two have worked together in films including n' Zoolander' , ' Tropic Thunder' and television series ' Arrested Development' , among others. They got married in 2000 and have two children together, a fifteen- year- old daughter and a twelve- year- old son. nn
Twelve- year- old Padmalaya Nanda from Odisha is set to represent India at the Little Miss Universe beauty pageant, to be held in Georgia, US from May 31- June 6. She is one of the 16 contestants who were selected from across the world. The class 8 student has also been nominated to represent India at the Little Miss World contest in Greece. 
Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma has said that it is a misconception that the underworld invested money in Bollywood. He added that earlier, the activities of underworld related to Bollywood were mostly limited to making calls to scare celebrities. Notably, Varma is known for directing gangster dramas including ' Satya' ( 1998) and ' Company' ( 2002) , among others. 
Filmmaker Karan Johar, while speaking about the success of ' Baahubali 2' , said that the film' s director SS Rajamouli has become India' s biggest superstar. He added, " I feel short of words when I speak about ' Baahubali' . It has become a milestone film. " Notably, Johar is the distributor of the Hindi versions of ' Baahubali' film franchise. 
Comedian Kapil Sharma took a dig at his brawl on a flight with comedian Sunil Grover in an episode of ' The Kapil Sharma Show' . In the episode' s promo, the team can be seen in a plane setup with everybody fighting. When Kiku Sharda, dressed as an air hostess, asks Kapil to intervene, he says, " Nowadays, I do not speak on flights. " n
According to reports, actress Deepika Padukone will replace actor Varun Dhawan for the lead role in the sequel to 2015 film ' Badlapur' . According to a source, Badlapur producer Dinesh Vijan has discussed the film' s concept with Deepika and she has loved it. While the script is not ready yet, Deepika will have a character- driven role in the sequel, added the source. 
Union Minister for Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi has slammed the media for reporting ' every' rape case in the country. " The press after the 2012 ( Nirbhaya) incident has adopted a zero- tolerance policy. In other countries, press does not report rape and molestation anymore. Our press reports every incident. So it is on top of the mind, " Maneka said. 
Sabzar Bhat, who reportedly became terror outfit Hizbul Mujahideen' s commander after Burhan Wani' s death last year, has been killed by security forces in an encounter in Pulwama, Jammu and Kashmir. Bhat, who was among the 8 militants killed in two encounters in the Valley on Saturday, called his family members before dying and said, " Forgive me, if I am wrong. " 
Cricket Australia Chief James Sutherland believes the revenue- share model which the body is trying to include in its ongoing pay negotiations with players is " starving" cricket' s grassroots in the nation. Australian players may go on a strike if the negotiations over a new five- year pay deal for country' s international and state cricketers cannot be resolved by the end of June. 
Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath' s security asked a Sikh man, Tejpal Singh, to remove his turban when he went to visit the politician at Gorakshnath Peeth in Gorakhpur. Singh said that a security man also questioned him about ' kripaan' , the religious knife Sikhs carry. He later managed to meet the CM, narrated the incident, and Adityanath assured him proper action. 
Saif Ali Khan' s daughter Sara Ali Khan will make her acting debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in ' Kedarnath' , directed by Abhishek Kapoor. It was earlier rumoured that Sara would make her Bollywood debut with Karan Johar' s ' Student of the Year 2' . Saif while talking about Sara' s willingness to join the industry, had said, " Who' s to blame, it is in her genes. " 
ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar has drawn ? 7. 85 crore as total remuneration in 2016- 17, a jump of nearly 64% from a year ago. The hike was primarily driven by performance bonus, which Kochhar had forgone a year ago owing to the bank' s weak financial results. In 2015- 16, Kochhar was the third- highest paid bank chief with a pay of ? 4. 79 crore. 
Charles Rolls, the Co- founder of upmarket tonic water maker Fever- Tree, sold a stake of around 4% in the company for £ 73 million ( around ? 602 crore) . Rolls cashed in the shares that have risen over 50% this year alone and are currently up 924% since its IPO in late 2014. After the sale, Rolls still owns around 11. 2% of the company. 
West Indies' Sunil Narine became the first and the only player to bowl a maiden Super Over in T20s, while playing in a Caribbean Premier League match in 2014. Representing Guyana Amazon Warriors, Narine defended 12 runs in the deciding over against Trinidad & Tobago Red Steel. Narine, who turned 29 on Friday, also picked a wicket in the over. 
A picture of actor Shah Rukh Khan with his son Aryan Khan and Saif Ali Khan' s daughter Sara Ali Khan from Karan Johar' s 45th birthday party has emerged online. Sara is reportedly set to make her acting debut in Bollywood under Johar' s banner Dharma Productions. Earlier, there were also reports that Sara will make her Bollywood debut with Aryan. 
The Indian Army killed two soldiers of the Pakistan Border Action Team ( BAT) , after they led an attack in the Uri sector of Jammu and Kashmir on Friday. " Alert troops foiled a BAT attack on our patrol party in Uri sector today. Two BAT terrorists were killed in the operation, " an Army official said. 
Uttar Pradesh Minister Suresh Khanna said, " Ours is a huge state, we never claimed that we will ensure zero crime. But I assure you criminals will not go unpunished. " This comes after recent murder and gangrape incidents and Opposition Congress' comment, " Uttam Pradesh is turning into Crime Pradesh. Such incidents never happened before. This all happened at the behest of government. " 
The makers of ' Raabta' have rejected claims of their film being a copy of Telugu film ' Magadheera' . They added it is extremely disrespectful when people " belittle" someone' s hard work and allege plagiarism on the basis of a trailer. The makers of ' Magadheera' accused ' Raabta' producers of copying their story and have approached a court seeking injunction against the film' s release. 
After a picture of US President Donald Trump and Pope Francis' s first meeting in Vatican surfaced online, Twitter erupted with memes and jokes pointing out the Pope' s apparent unhappy expression. While one of the memes featured the two leaders along with paranormal characters from The Conjuring, The Shining, and The Omen, the others showed Trump in Pope' s cassock. 
According to an internal report on the benefits of demonetisation prepared by government officials, the economy now has ? 5 lakh crore lesser cash than it would have had if demonetisation had not happened. This means that the amount of cash stashed away by citizens has come down, which is advantageous since hoarding cash delivers no value to the country' s economic growth. 
India' s Olympic silver medallist PV Sindhu became one of the members of the BWF Athletes' Commission. The 21- year- old Indian topped the ballot with 129 votes, and is among the three female players to be elected to the commission. Notably, Sindhu has been elected for four years and will join Saina Nehwal as the member of the players' representative body. 
As per reports, Maharashtra minister Girish Mahajan, Nashik Mayor Ranjana Bhanasi, Deputy Mayor Prathamesh Gite, and several police officers attended a wedding of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim' s relative in the area recently. While this has sparked a controversy, Nashik Police Commissioner Ravindra Singhal has ordered an inquiry against the police officers who attended the event. 
The makers of 2009 Telugu film Magadheera alleged that Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon' s upcoming film Raabta " copied its unique story and plot line in violation of its copyright" , reported trade analyst Ramesh Bala. The makers approached a Hyderabad court on Wednesday to seek injunction against the release of the Hindi film. The hearing is scheduled for June 1. 
Stylist Law Roach has revealed the sleeves of singer Celine Dion' s gown at the Billboard Awards were filled with tissues. " It came in a huge box. The sleeves were packed up with tissue paper - it is a whole thing, for real, " said Roach. Celine wore a floor- length white gown with a plunging neckline and accentuated shoulder details to the awards. 
BJP MP Paresh Rawal has alleged that he was " coerced by Twitter" into removing a tweet targeting author Arundhati Roy. Rawal in his tweet said, " Instead of tying stone pelter on the army jeep tie up Arundhati Roy! " Further, Rawal said in a statement that he will continue to stand by the citizens and Armed forces " at any cost" . 
Actor Kunal Kemmu has shared a picture of his wife actress Soha Ali Khan, in which her baby bump can be seen. The couple is currently on a vacation in London. Earlier, Kunal while announcing Soha' s pregnancy said, " Soha and I are very happy to announce a joint production coming later this year - our first child! " 
Spinner Ravichandran Ashwin, who missed the Indian Premier League 2017 due to injury, said, " I might be able to throw something new in this tournament ( Champions Trophy) , hopefully. I am equipped enough to do so. " The 30- year- old also claimed that IPL has proved to be beneficial for not only Indian players but also cricketers from overseas. 
Spinner Ravichandran Ashwin has claimed that skipper Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina are the best singers and dancers in the Indian cricket team. Ashwin made the statement along the sidelines of the CEAT Cricket Rating International Awards 2017 while talking about liveliness in the dressing room. Kohli was last seen dancing at Yuvraj Singh' s wedding along with girlfriend Anushka Sharma. 
The Uttar Pradesh government today removed Saharanpur District Magistrate and Senior Superintendent of Police after fresh clashes broke out in the area where a Dalit had been killed. Deputy CM Keshav Prasad Maurya said, " No one will be spared, including politicians. " Notably, the suspended police officer had taken charge of the post less than a month ago. 
A case has been registered against Telugu actor Chalapathi Rao by the Hyderabad police following a woman' s complaint over the actor' s " women are only fit for having sex with men" remark. Chalapathi has been booked under sections 354A ( 4) and 509 of the Indian Penal Code, which deal with sexual harassment and insulting a woman' s modesty. 
Former New Zealand pacer Shane Bond has called bowlers " second- class citizens" in modern limited- overs cricket. " In an era gone by, the pattern was to tee- off in the first 15 overs, build through the middle and then launch a final onslaught. That philosophy has now gone out the window. . . slow bowlers are resorting to a more negative line of bowling, " said Bond. 
Kerala- based group Hindu Aikya Vedi has threatened to stall the release of a film tentatively titled Mahabharatham, which is being made on an estimated budget of ? 1000 crore, unless its title is changed. The group president said it cannot be named after the epic as it is not based on Vyasa' s Mahabharata, but is an adaptation of MT Vasudevan' s Randamoozham. 
A video of cows strolling through a shopping mall in the Russian city of Surgut has emerged online. The cows can be seen entering the mall from the parking lot via automatic glass doors while customers laugh in the background. According to reports, the shopkeepers were unhappy with the incident. 
The Islamabad High Court has allowed Uzma, the Indian woman who had accused a Pakistani man of forcing her into marriage, to return home. The court also ordered that police provide security to her till the Wagah border. The woman in her early 20s had travelled to Pakistan earlier this month and her travel documents were seized by ' her husband' . 
The Indian Air Force has rejected Pakistan Air Force' s claims of having flown fighter jets above the Indian side in Siachen on Wednesday. According to a statement by the Indian side, there was no violation of air space. Earlier, Pakistani media reports claimed that Mirage fighter jets were flown over Siachen and all forward operating bases were made operational. 
An ex- official of Pakistan' s Inter- Services Intelligence ( ISI) and a retired Lieutenant General, Amjad Shoaib has admitted that former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav was captured in Iran. Notably, Pakistan has been arguing that Jadhav was arrested in the country' s restive Balochistan province last year. However, India claims that he was captured in Iran, where he went for business purposes. 
The Dubai police have officially inducted the world' s first operational robot police officer into the force. The ' robocop' is over 5 feet tall, weighs 100 kg and has a facial recognition software with which it can identify offenders. The robot is capable of speaking six languages and people can use its built- in tablet device to access various police services. 
Airlander 10, the largest aircraft in the world, has successfully completed its test flight in the UK. Dubbed the ' flying bum' over its appearance, the 92- metre- long helium- filled airship can fly at altitudes of 6, 100 metres. The ? 210- crore aircraft, which completed its third flight, is capable of staying airborne for five days during manned flights and two weeks during unmanned flights. 
Effigies of Rajinikanth were burnt in Tamil Nadu and protestors from pro- Tamilian groups including Thamizhar Munnetra Padai ( TMP) termed him Kannadiga. The protests were in response to the actor hinting that he might join politics in a meeting with fans. TMP leader Veeralakshmi said Tamil political leaders were capable and the state does not need someone ( referring to Rajinikanth) from Karnataka. 
The Delhi High Court has directed the CBSE to continue with its moderation policy of giving students grace marks for difficult questions. The court ruled this following a petition which challenged that the change in policy will affect students' admissions abroad. The court asked CBSE to continue the policy as it was in place when the examination forms were submitted. 
Chinese e- commerce giant Alibaba' s delivery arm Cainiao Network has announced $ 7. 3 billion investment to produce 10 lakh smart delivery vans. A computing system will analyse real- time orders and design the most efficient routes for the delivery fleet. Earlier in a pilot run, the smart vans travelled 30% shorter distances and saved 20% of the operational costs. 
Campaigning ahead of UK' s general election on 8 June has been suspended in the wake of Monday' s terrorist attack at Ariana Grande' s concert in Manchester. Prime Minister Theresa May will today chair a meeting of the government' s emergency Cobra committee to discuss the attack. Trains to and from Manchester' s Victoria station have also been cancelled until further notice. 
The suicide bomber who carried out the explosion on Monday night at Ariana Grande' s concert in UK' s Manchester Arena died at the scene in the explosion, police have said. The bomber who is believed to have been acting alone detonated an improvised explosive device, police added. The death toll from the attack has risen to 22 with 59 injured. 
A professional hunter from South Africa died on Friday after an elephant he was hunting fell on top of him. The deceased, 51- year- old Theunis Botha, was with a group of hunters when an elephant picked him up. One of the hunters then shot the elephant, which collapsed on top of Botha and crushed him to death. 
An Air India flight carrying 155 passengers was forced to make an emergency landing at Mumbai Airport on Monday after the pilot detected smoke in the cockpit, the airline said. The Mumbai- Bhubaneswar flight was forced to return to Mumbai Airport barely 15 minutes after take- off. The flight landed safely, while passengers were accommodated on a different flight. 
India has overtaken China to become the world' s most populous country, according to Chinese demographer Yi Fuxian. He claimed that China' s actual population is about 1. 29 billion, as against 1. 37 billion quoted by its government. According to his claims, India has overtaken China five years ahead of forecasts, with a population of more than 1. 3 billion people. 
The cost of Russian Kamov light- utility choppers, which will be built in India, will cost 2. 5 times more than the cost of those built in Russia. Under the agreement with Russia, India will import 60 choppers, while 140 will be manufactured in a joint venture between the governments. The choppers will replace the vintage fleet of Cheetah and Chetak choppers. 
Ranchi Municipal Corporation has used movie Sholay' s climax scene in its posters to promote sanitation and toilet construction. Amitabh Bachchan' s character can be seen in Dharmendra' s arms asking him how he got injured. In response, Bachchan is shown saying, " I do not have a toilet at home, so I fell down while trying to relieve myself in the night. " 
More than 31 million people, that is one person every second, were displaced in their country in 2016 because of conflicts, violence and natural disasters, a Norwegian Refugee Council report has revealed. Adding that the Democratic Republic of the Congo was the worst affected country, the report said that natural disasters displaced over three times the number uprooted by conflicts. 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday ordered his cabinet to attend a welcome ceremony for US President Donald Trump, after discovering that many of them planned to skip the event, reports said. Notably, Israeli officials have criticised the visit as " haphazard" . Trump arrived in Israel on Monday in the second leg of his first overseas trip as President. 
Reliance Jio' s low- price scheme Prime is not driving demand for its connections, while incumbents have gained, UBS Securities Asia said. " We are surprised to see lack of acceleration in March since Jio Prime offer was announced in the month, " it added. Further, Airtel continues to hold a firm footing in the market with key operating metrics outperforming peers, it added. 
A street food vendor in Porbandar, Gujarat has introduced unlimited panipuri for customers, inspired by Reliance Jio' s unlimited plans. People can have unlimited panipuri for a day by opting for the ? 100 plan, and for a month by opting for the ? 1, 000 plan. The vendor, Ravi Jagdamba, has also redesigned his stall in a ' Jio theme' to attract customers. 
A diamond ring is expected to fetch £ 350, 000 ( ? 3 crore) at an auction in London, 30 years after its owner bought it for £ 10 ( ? 900) , thinking it was a costume jewel. The owners wore the 26. 27- carat diamond for decades, only learning its value after a jeweller said it could be valuable. The owners are " incredibly excited, " a jeweller said. 
An Indian cab driver in Australia has been hospitalised after allegedly being beaten up and racially abused by a couple. The driver alleged that he was attacked after warning the female passenger not to open the cab' s door to vomit repeatedly. The husband then attacked him from behind and kicked him, calling him a ' bloody Indian' and ' f* * * ing Indian. ' 
BJP MP Shatrughan Sinha took to Twitter to praise AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal for his credibility, struggle, and commitment towards the society. Slamming the BJP, Sinha said, " Our BJP surely believes in honesty and transparency, which seldom go together. " He also slammed the BJP leaders for indulging in negative politics and mudslinging on political opponents, including Kejriwal and Lalu Yadav. 
Over 100 documents obtained by The Guardian reveal how Facebook tackles controversial content like sex, revenge porn, violence, death videos and abuse on its platform. While remarks like " Someone shoot Trump" are deleted, the remark " Let' s beat up fat kids" is allowed. Facebook allows livestream of self- harm attempts because it " doesn' t want to censor people in distress, " the documents said. 
US President Donald Trump said in his speech in Saudi Arabia on Sunday, that India is a victim of terrorism, along with other countries like Russia and China. He said that all these countries, as well as US and Europe, have " suffered repeated barbaric attacks" and have " endured unspeakable horror" . He asked Muslim- majority countries' leaders to help defeat terrorism. 
An Indian national was arrested in the F- 8 area of Islamabad in Pakistan on Friday, allegedly for not having the required travel documents. The Pakistan government has registered a case under Article 14 of the Foreign Act. The person arrested has been sent to 14- day judicial remand for pre- trial detention. 
Pakistan' s lawyers have threatened to launch a nationwide campaign if PM Nawaz Sharif does not resign by May 27. Pakistan' s Supreme Court Bar Association and the Lahore High Court Bar Association called for the resignation after the SC' s verdict on the Panama Papers, in which Sharif and his son were named for corruption. An inquiry has been ordered against Sharif. 
Actor Aamir Khan has said that his upcoming film ' Thugs Of Hindostan' , is not inspired by ' Pirates of the Caribbean' film series or any other action adventure films. He added, " Even my character in the film is not similar to any other character. " The film will also star ' Dangal' actress Fatima Sana Shaikh. 
The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations has decided to make digital copies of the marksheets available to ICSE and ISC candidates along with the traditional hard copies from this year. The students can now access the marksheets digitally anywhere from their DigiLocker, which is a service providing dedicated personal electronic space in a government- owned public cloud storage. 
Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has said that India' s Kulbhushan Jadhav is a bigger terrorist than Ajmal Kasab, who was executed by India for 26/ 11 Mumbai terror attacks. Claiming that Kasab was just a ' pawn' , Musharraf added, " I do not even know how many people' s deaths Jadhav is responsible for. " He further said that India did wrong to approach the ICJ. 
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has praised the 22- year- old girl who chopped off her serial rapist' s penis in Thiruvananthapuram. " It was a courageous step, no doubt about it, " Vijayan said. The 22- year- old girl has told the police that her rapist, a sanyasi, was a frequent visitor at her home and had been repeatedly raping her for the past seven years. 
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has said the number of H- 1B visas for Indian IT professionals will not come down. " No need to get panicky. . . The lottery process is something I suppose they wanted to do a correction on, " Sitharaman added. The H- 1B is a non- immigrant visa that allows US companies to employ foreign workers in specialised fields. 
Traders' body CAIT has suggested that the first nine months of GST, from its rollout date of July 1, should be treated as a trial period. No punitive action should be taken against businesses for procedural mistakes to allow them to get familiarised with the new regime, it added. " Let this period be a learning period, " it stated. 
The Kerala swami who was accused of rape by a woman on Friday night, said in his statement to the police that he cut his penis wilfully, as it was " not useful" to him. He allegedly attempted to rape the woman, after which she claimed to have cut off his penis. He reportedly raped her for over seven years. 
Norway' s Global Seed Vault, meant to preserve world' s crops from " doomsday" scenarios like nuclear war or asteroid strike has been flooded. The vault, built in permafrost ( permanently frozen soil) , was breached after soaring temperatures in the Arctic post Earth' s hottest recorded year sent water gushing into its entrance. However, no damage was done to the seeds, said a government official. 
According to reports, actor Hrithik Roshan has purchased a house 15 minutes away from his own residence for his ex- wife Sussanne Khan. According to a source, the flat is also close to the houses of both Sussanne' s and Hrithik' s parents. Notably, Hrithik and Sussanne officially divorced in 2014 after a nearly 14- year long marriage. 
Former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar has revealed that he had refused to act when he was first approached for his biopic ' Sachin: A Billion Dreams' in 2012. " When Ravi ( Bhagchandka, producer) met me. . . my first reply was, ' But I am not going to act' . I continue to be slightly uncomfortable. . . That' s why I have got other guys to talk about me, " said Sachin. 
The lawyer representing Pakistan at the ICJ in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case has rejected rumours that he charged over ? 4 crore for the case. " My fees were not even 10 per cent. . . I cancelled another professional commitment with another government to travel to Pakistan urgently, " Khawar Qureshi said adding that he gave a 30% deduction in his fee. 
Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma, while discussing Baahubali 2' s success in Karnataka, wrote, " Thundering success of Telugu Bahubali2 in Karnataka being far bigger than biggest of Kannada films proves Kannadigas have no pride at all. " In another tweet, RGV wrote, " Kannadigas attempt to stop dubbing films is shattered by Telugu straight film proving Kannadigas. . . just want better film. " 
The search and rescue operations launched after a bridge collapsed in South Goa on Thursday night have been halted by the presence of crocodiles in the river. " An aerial inspection is being done. Till now close to 15 people are missing, " South Goa collector Swapnil Naik said. Notably, two dead bodies have been recovered so far. 
Indian footballer CK Vineeth has been sacked from his auditing job at the Principal Accountant General' s office in Thiruvananthapuram reportedly due to low attendance. Vineeth had been unable to attend office regularly due to his training schedule and matches. " I got this job through football. More than the job, my game is important, " said Vineeth. 
Former Finance Minister and senior Congress leader P Chidambaram' s son Karti Chidambaram left for London on Thursday after the CBI raided his residence in connection with money- laundering in the Aircel- Maxis deal. " Karti is travelling as per earlier travel plans. He will return after a few days. There is no ban on his travel, " P Chidambaram said. 
Facebook- owned messaging platform WhatsApp has launched a feature to let Android users pin three chats at the top of their conversation list. The feature is intended to make it easier for users to access their preferred chats without having to scroll and look for them. Users can pin chats by long pressing on them and then tapping the pin icon. 
Sachin Tendulkar' s biopic ' Sachin: A Billion Dreams' has been made tax- free in Kerala and Chhattisgarh even before its release on May 26. The decisions were taken by the respective cabinets of each state in compliance with government policies, makers of the film revealed in a statement. The film' s producers called it " an inspiring lesson for the youth of today. " 
Former Supreme Court judge Dalveer Bhandari was among the 11 judges of the International Court of Justice panel presiding over Kulbhushan Jadhav' s case. Bhandari was a judge in the Indian judiciary for more than 20 years, before his elevation to the UN court. Bhandari in 2012 became the first Indian to be elected to the ICJ in nearly two decades. 
Under the GST regime, a 204% cess will be levied on pan masala gutkha. With regard to pan masala the cess will be 60% , while for tobacco the levy will vary from 71% - 204% . Smoking mixtures for pipes and cigarettes will attract a levy of 290% . The cess would be over and above the peak GST rate of 28% 
The first look of Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor from the upcoming comedy film ' 102 Not Out' has been unveiled. Amitabh will be seen playing a 102- year- old man while Rishi will play his 75- year- old son in the film. It will revolve around Bachchan' s character who is trying to break the record of being the oldest man alive in the world. 
Amid speculation of joining politics, superstar Rajinikanth said, " What do we do when the system is rotten, democracy has deteriorated. This system needs to be changed. " He further said, " I' ve my profession, my job. I have some responsibilities and you have your jobs. Go back to your respective places and do your job. Let' s meet when it is time for the war. " 
Pakistan will get a new team of lawyers to represent it at the ICJ in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case, Adviser to Prime Minister for Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz said, according to Pakistan' s state- run news agency Associated Press of Pakistan. However, he also added that the current counsel had presented Pakistan' s stance ' courageously' at the UN Court. 
A 58- year- old Indian man who was detained by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE) recently for not possessing necessary immigration documents while entering the country died in custody at an Atlanta hospital. Claiming that fatalities in its custody are " exceedingly rare" , the ICE added that he was the eighth individual who died in its custody in the fiscal year 2017. 
In the wake of heightened tension between the two nations regarding the Kulbhushan Jadhav case, Pakistan said India is capable of producing 2, 600 nuclear weapons. India has the world' s fastest growing nuclear programme, it added. Pakistan' s statement regarding India enhancing its nuclear capability has come just days after reports suggested that New Delhi may be rethinking its nuclear doctrine. 
Minister of Earth Sciences and Science and Technology, Harsh Vardhan, has been given additional charge of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change ( MoEF) after the demise of Union Minister Anil Madhav Dave. Dave ( 60) , who was given the charge of MoEF on 5 July 2016, passed away at his official residence on Thursday. 
Shraddha Kapoor has said that she was a possessive girlfriend in the past but she now wants to give space and allow her partner to do what he wants. " Earlier, I was like my man should have a good sense of humour, a sense of adventure. . . now I realise that love can happen with anyone, " added Shraddha. 
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has announced that the government will distribute sanitary pads to girls in all the schools in the state. Making the announcement about launching the ' She Pad' scheme on Facebook, the CM said that the approximate expenditure for the implementation of the project will come to ? 30 crore for five years. 
Confectionery multinational Nestlé has lost its bid against Cadbury to register the shape of the four- finger KitKat chocolate as a trademark, marking its fourth unsuccessful attempt to do so. The court ruled the four- finger design had " no inherent distinctiveness" and the shape was not a " badge or origin" . This will let competitors produce their own KitKat copies without legal consequences. 
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Thursday hailed the International Court of Justice' s interim ruling of staying Kulbhushan Jadhav' s execution and said that India would leave no stone unturned to save him. " The ICJ order has come as a great relief. . . We are grateful to Harish Salve for presenting India' s case so effectively before the ICJ, " she added. 
BJP leader General VK Singh has demanded that the Hurriyat Conference be declared a terrorist organisation and separatist leaders be immediately jailed under the Public Safety Act of Jammu and Kashmir. He further said that Hurriyat leaders should not be allowed to live in comfort while under house arrest and instead be locked up in central prisons on terrorism charges. 
Chemicals found in traditional Chinese medicines may be used to make next generation contraceptives, dubbed " molecular condoms" , scientists say. Chemicals extracted from two plants, thunder god vine and aloe, were found to effectively prevent fertilisation. The chemicals have no adverse effect on egg or sperm, and could serve as a safe alternative to hormone- based contraceptives, scientists added. 
Air travellers have voiced concerns over ' lopsided' measures in the no- fly list for unruly passengers and demanded airlines should also be held accountable for crew' s misbehaviour. " We have received at least 25 suggestions on the website and social media. Passengers have asked for a balanced rule, " an official said. Earlier, the government released draft rules for a national no- fly list. 
India received the first artillery guns after the 1980s Bofors scandal on Thursday, as two of the 145 M777 ultra light artillery guns ordered from the US arrived ahead of schedule. The guns will be tested at the Pokhran field firing range in Rajasthan today. Out of the 145 guns, 120 will be assembled in India, by Mahindra Defence. 
The cyber crime police of Hyderabad have arrested six members of inter- state movie piracy gang for illegally downloading Baahubali 2: The Conclusion from a theatre in Bihar and blackmailing the producers, including Karan Johar, for money. The film' s production house Arka Mediaworks stated that a man demanded ? 15 lakh from the producers to not upload Baahubali 2' s HD copy online. 
Harbhajan Singh has written a letter to Anil Kumble, asking for his intervention in increasing the match fees of Ranji Trophy cricketers. A Ranji player is paid ? 1. 5 lakh for a first- class game, whereas a Test player gets ? 15 lakh. Kumble will make a presentation to the Committee of Administrators on May 21 for a pay hike for BCCI- contracted cricketers. 
Japanese tennis player Junn Mitsuhashi has been banned from tennis for life after being found guilty of match fixing. The 27- year- old, who was also fined ? 32 lakh ( $ 50, 000) , had asked players to underperform at international tournaments in South Africa and Nigeria in 2015. Mitsuhashi had also broken gambling rules by placing 76 bets on matches between October and November 2015. 
Sacked Delhi Minister Kapil Mishra has claimed that Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has been to the office only twice in the last one year. " New corruption cases are coming to light every day. . . but the CM seems to be unaffected by all this. Kejriwal, who is completely cut off from public life, has time to watch ( movie) Sarkar 3, " Mishra added. 
A woman kidnapped a man from his wedding venue in Uttar Pradesh' s Hamirpur for allegedly ditching her. The man had dated the woman for several months and was getting married to the woman of his parents' choice. The kidnapper woman arrived at the mandap in an SUV, took out a pistol and asked the groom to sit in the car. 
A 21- year- old amateur cricketer died after accidentally being hit with a bat of another player during a friendly match in Hyderabad on Tuesday. The cricketer was fielding when he was hit on the forehead by the bat and fell on stones which were kept as stumps. He was taken to hospital where he succumbed to his injuries. 
The Rajiv Gandhi International Airport ( RGIA) in Hyderabad is set to become south India' s first airport to go 100% LED- lit. With the entire Taxiway Edge Lights converted from halogen lamps to energy efficient LEDs, the authorities claimed that 75% work on the project has been completed. Of the 26, 000 conventional lamps at RGIA, over 19, 500 have been converted into LED. 
Ahead of his upcoming visit to Israel, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday welcomed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas at the Rashtrapati Bhawan. After holding extensive talks with Abbas, Modi said that India hopes to see a sovereign, independent, united and viable Palestine, coexisting peacefully with Israel. The two leaders also signed five agreements following the talks. 
According to cybersecurity company Quick Heal, Kolkata was the worst- hit Indian city by WannaCry ransomware. This was followed by Delhi, Bhubaneshwar, Pune, and Mumbai. The malware was confirmed to have hit offices of West Bengal electricity distribution company that cater to 8 lakh households, Gujarat government' s 120 computers, and about 25% of the computer network used by Andhra Pradesh police. 
According to reports, Saif Ali Khan' s daughter Sara made Saif and Kareena drop their no- kissing clause from film contracts. Sara reportedly said that with the kind of films and characters Bollywood is venturing into, kissing is like any other scene. While Saif had an on- screen kiss in Rangoon, Kareena had a kissing scene in Ki & Ka. 
Union Minister of Textiles Smriti Irani posted a picture of herself dressed in a cotton saree and asked people to take the # CottonIsCool trend forward. Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje shared a photo of herself wearing cotton and tweeted, " Cotton is a statement - comfortable, fashionable. # CottonIsCool, " while Virender Sehwag tweeted, " # CottonIsCool, really really cool. " 
The Income Tax Department conducted raids at 22 locations in Delhi and Gurugram on Tuesday in connection with benami land deals involving RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav and his family. " There are allegations of benami deals worth about ? 1, 000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, " an official said. The raids were conducted on people and businessmen connected to the deal. 
Senior lawyer Harish Salve, who charged ? 1 for representing India at ICJ, is one of the most expensive lawyers in the country. His fee for an appearance in the Supreme Court or High Courts ranges between ? 6- ? 15 lakh. Salve' s clients include Salman Khan and Mukesh Ambani. He also appeared in the Bilkis Bano case at National Human Rights Commission' s request. 
Jammu and Kashmir' s Minister for Youth Services and Sports, Imran Ansari announced on Monday that ? 50 lakh will be provided for the establishment of football clubs in villages across the state. The minister also called for keeping sports infrastructure reserved for two days a week exclusively for the girls of the state. 
Sports Minister Vijay Goel conducted a surprise check at Delhi' s Indira Gandhi stadium, venue of the Asian Wrestling Championships, and cleaned the toilet himself after finding it dirty. Goel' s visit came after international wrestlers reportedly complained about dirty washrooms, saying they had to relieve themselves in the open. Goel also pulled up Sports Authority of India officials at the venue. 
As many as 70 live bombs have been recovered from a drum and a bag in West Bengal' s Birbhum district. Two more live crude bombs were recovered from Asansol. The police prima facie believe the bombs were placed to spread terror in the village. There are no lead suspects yet, and no arrests have been made. 
Around 2 crore copies of letters hand- written by PM Narendra Modi and 10 crore SMSes will be sent to people detailing the work of the government, to mark three years of the BJP government on 26 May 2017. The celebrations will be held for 21 days across 900 cities. The festival has been titled ' MODI - Maker Of Developed India' . 
Indian diplomat Deepak Mittal, refused to shake hands with Pakistan DG Mohammad Faisal, at the International Court of Justice after Kulbhushan Jadhav' s hearing on Monday. Mittal instead responded with a ' Namaskar' , folding his hands in response to Faisal' s extended hand. However, Mittal shook hands with other members of the Pakistani delegation, including their main lawyer and attorney general. 
Sacked Delhi minister Kapil Mishra on Monday broke his fast at the RML Hospital in New Delhi, on the sixth day of his hunger strike. " Those who are making fun of me let me tell you that I came to hospital after five days of hunger strike. Kejriwalji goes to hospital after 15 days of coughing, " Mishra said. 
Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Monday said that Narendra Modi was holding the post of Prime Minister of India because the people of the country found him capable of holding the top position. " I' m not a fool. . . not in race for 2019 PM post. I was elected as party ( JD- U) president as Sharadji ( Yadav) could not continue on the post, " Nitish added. 
Actress Manisha Koirala, while talking about being approached to play Nargis Dutt, said, " My first reaction was, ' What? I have to play Baba' s ( Sanjay Dutt) mother now? ' " Manisha added, " I was always a tomboy on the set when shooting with Baba. I had my reservations as I would end up playing mother' s roles. I know how the industry functions. " 
The southwest monsoon on Sunday arrived in Andaman and Nicobar islands ahead of its schedule. The India Meteorological Department ( IMD) has issued a warning for heavy rainfall at isolated places over the region between May 14 and 16. Though the IMD has not predicted about the southwest monsoon over Kerala, forecaster Skymet said it? s likely to hit Kerala on June 1. 
Actress Madhuri Dixit' s former manager Rikku has claimed that her affairs with actors Sanjay Dutt, Jackie Shroff and Anil Kapoor were all lies. He added that all the scandals were created by producers as part of their business strategy. Rikku further said that Madhuri was mostly linked with Dutt as she worked with him on multiple films. 
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, who is representing the Centre on the triple talaq matter, on Monday apprised the Supreme Court the government will bring in a divorce law for Muslims if triple talaq is scrapped. While theocratic countries like Pakistan and Afghanistan are moving towards reforms, India being a secular country is still debating the controversial divorce practice, he said. 
The Indian Railways will install about 19, 000 CCTVs at 983 stations at a cost of ? 500 crore using Nirbhaya fund. At present, out of about 8, 000 stations, 344 have already been provided with CCTVs. Besides stations, important trains will also be equipped with CCTVs. The Centre had created Nirbhaya fund with ? 1, 000 crore in 2013 after December 16 gang- rape incident. n
Top Maoist leader Kundan Pahan, who was facing 128 cases including the murder of senior cops, on Sunday surrendered before the police in Ranchi. Pahan was carrying a reward of ? 15 lakh on his head. The Naxalites coming forward to surrender have understood " the hollowness of Maoist ideology and believe in the Constitution" , said senior CRPF officer Sanjay Lathkar. 
Kashmiri girl Afshan Ashique ( 21) , who was photographed while pelting stones at the security forces in the Valley a few days ago, has desired to play football for India. " We were on our way to the TRC ground for practice when a policeman hurled abuses at us and slapped a girl which enraged me, " she said. 
A video, showing alleged cow vigilantes thrashing a man with belts in Madhya Pradesh? s Ujjain city, has surfaced online. The police have taken four people into the custody and search is on for others. Though in the video, the mob can be heard beating the man for attacking a cow, the police have said it was a dispute over money. 
Bryson William Verdun Hayes, at the age of 101 years and 38 days, became the oldest person in the world to skydive after jumping from 15, 000 feet. Verdun took ten members of his family to skydive along with him. Interestingly, the 101- year- old had been presented with the Legion d' honneur for his heroic actions in World War II. 
As many as 213 HIV- positive women gave birth to healthy babies in Chhattisgarh government hospitals in 2016- 2017, said state' s health official R Prasanna. Of the 3, 93, 475 pregnant women examined, 232 were tested HIV- positive. The state has 26, 000 HIV- positive people and of them, 10, 289 were being given medicines through five Anti- Retroviral Therapy ( ART) centres and 12 ART linked centres, he said. 
Actor Kamaal R Khan ( KRK) , while sharing a picture with his mother, tweeted, " Wish you very happy # MothersDay Mom! Once upon a time, you wanted to give ( me) poison but today you are proud of me. " KRK explained she wanted to give him poison as she was angry with him for watching films and thought he would destroy the family' s reputation. 
Before the hearing on the death sentence awarded to Kulbhushan Jadhav, the last time India and Pakistan faced off at the International Court of Justice was nearly 18 years ago. Islamabad had sought the court' s intervention over the shooting down of its naval aircraft by the Indian Air Force in 1999. A 16- judge bench voted 14- 2 to dismiss Pakistan' s case. 
According to reports, a relative of Karan Johar may sue Johar and his book' s publisher for false claims in his biography ' An Unsuitable Boy' . Johar wrote that on his father' s side, his relatives were halwais ( sweet- makers) and only his father was ' educated' . The relative, however, claims that Johar' s grandfather was a government employee and his uncle was in the IAS. 
Actor Kamaal R Khan has apologised to Baahubali 2' s director SS Rajamouli for his " wrong review" of the film after its box- office success. KRK had earlier tweeted, " What the f* * k is this sir? I came 2theatre 2watch film, not cartoons in the name of # Baahubali2. " KRK had also said that the film' s lead actor Prabhas looked like a camel. 
According to reports, actor Sushant Singh Rajput will be seen playing a dacoit in Udta Punjab director Abhishek Chaubey' s next film. According to sources, the film will be shot in Chambal ravines and its shooting will begin by the end of this year. The film will portray the reality of dacoits and not their horror stories, said the film' s writer. 
British political journalist Mehdi Hasan had used the phrase " farrago of distortions, misrepresentations. . . " while speaking in a debate at the Oxford Union in 2013. The phrase was used by Congress leader Shashi Tharoor to dismiss allegations of him being involved in his wife' s death. The use of the phrase by Tharoor had led to several internet memes and jokes. 
Jamat- ud Dawah ( JuD) chief Hafiz Saeed who masterminded 26/ 11 Mumbai terror attacks, has been detained along with his four aides for " spreading terrorism in the name of jihad" , Pakistan' s Interior Ministry has told a judicial review board. However, Saeed said that he had been detained by the Pakistani government to stop him from raising voice for Kashmiris. 
Krishna Chinthapalli, an Indian- origin doctor in London, had warned against the type of ransomware attack which hit 99 countries on Friday. He had published an article just two days before the attack about the vulnerability of Britain' s National Health Service to ransomware. " We should be prepared: more hospitals will almost certainly be shut down by ransomware this year, " he wrote. 
PM Narendra Modi will inaugurate India' s longest river bridge, the 9. 15- km- long Dhola- Sadiya bridge near the China border, on May 26. Situated over the Brahmaputra river at an aerial distance of around 100 km from the Chinese border, the bridge can withstand the weight of a 60- tonne battle tank. The bridge' s construction began in 2011 at a cost of ? 950 crore. 
Cricket Australia has threatened to stop pay of their men and women cricketers if they fail to agree to the new compensation model by June. Disregarding the threats, players, including Shane Watson, Mitch Starc and Pat Cummins have threatened to go on strike and boycott the Ashes. " It will be an interesting game of cricket without any players, " tweeted Watson. 
India' s only existing steam engine was put on display at the Heritage Transport Museum in Haryana and was opened to the public on Saturday. The 64- year- old engine, originally built by a German locomotive manufacturer, was found in a worn- out state in Bihar. It has now been restored and can be operated occasionally if a visitor wants a private experience. 
Sacked AAP Minister Kapil Mishra on Sunday accused the Aam Aadmi Party of being involved in a ' big' donation scam, alleging the party concealed the actual amount of donations and used shell companies to launder black money. " Kejriwal and his associates are part of this scam, " he said. He also affirmed that he will approach the CBI with the documents. 
According to a survey conducted by a citizen engagement platform of over 10, 700 participants, 63% Indians are concerned about the leakage of their personal data given to Aadhaar into public domain. However, 70% of the participants also extended their support to the government' s emphasis on Aadhaar making it mandatory for filing tax returns and linking it to Permanent Account Number. 
According to reports, actor Harshvardhan Kapoor and Sara Ali Khan were spotted at a dinner date in Mumbai. Rumours of the two dating surfaced online at the beginning of this year. While Harshvardhan made his Bollywood debut with 2016 film ' Mirzya' , it has been reported that Sara will be launched by actor Salman Khan, along with his brother- in- law Aayush Sharma. 
Aam Aadmi Party MLA Sanjeev Jha was today detained by the police for trying to launch a hunger strike outside the house of sacked party leader Kapil Mishra against his allegations on the party. The police said that Jha was held for not having permission to hold the protest. Notably, Mishra is sitting on a hunger strike since May 10. 
Sachin Tendulkar has said that the story of his romance with his wife, Anjali, will be shown in his upcoming biopic ' Sachin: A Billion Dreams' , which releases on May 26. " How I met my wife and how we took it forward is part of film. . . I had to speak with the whole family before coming out with this film, " said Sachin. 
A life- size statue of actor Amitabh Bachchan was installed at a Kolkata temple by the All Bengal Amitabh Bachchan Fans Association ( ABFA) . The statue is similar to Amitabh' s character Subhash Nagre from the ' Sarkar' film franchise. The 25- kilogram statue, which took three months to create, is slightly taller than Bachchan to make it visually appealing, said ABFA state secretary. nnn
A 40- year- old woman in Hyderabad was burnt alive on Friday after a high tension wire fell on her car when she was traveling to her farm house in Takkallapalli. Her five family members inside the car, including husband and two children, suffered injuries in the accident. The police are investigating any negligence on the part of Telangana Power Supply Department. 
According to reports, actress Katrina Kaif will star opposite Baahubali actor Prabhas in the upcoming film ' Saaho' . However, there has been no official confirmation regarding the same. The thriller, to be directed by Sujeeth, will be made in Telugu, Tamil, Malyalam and Hindi. Actresses Deepika Padukone, Parineeti Chopra, Amy Jackson were reportedly also considered for the role. 
Reiterating that he will not remove the red beacon on his car, Kolkata' s Tipu Sultan mosque' s Imam Maulana Noor- ur Rahman Barkati has said, " Modi is illegal not the red beacon on my car" . " No one has the guts to remove my red beacon. It' s been with us for hundreds of years? Don' t try disturbing Muslims in Bengal, " he said. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan, in his first TED Talk, revealed there were reports that his youngest child AbRam was the love child of his eldest son Aryan, who was 15- years- old then. " Apparently, he had sown his wild oats with a girl while driving her car in Romania, " added Shah Rukh. SRK further said that these reports disturbed his family. 
Air India Chairman Ashwani Lohani on Wednesday sent a WhatsApp message to Air India staff, including senior officers, asking them to carry their own hand baggage. Lohani, who called the move " in line with the PM' s drive towards simplicity in public life, " will also carry his own baggage. Henceforth, only MPs and unwell staff can request help with luggage. 
The Uttar Pradesh government is considering to make Saturdays ' no school bag day' in the state- run schools. As per the proposal, the school kids would be allowed to come to school without school bags so that they can enjoy the creative activities. Earlier, the government had decided to replace the khaki dress in state- run schools with a new uniform. 
North Korea on Thursday reserved its sovereign right to " ruthlessly punish" US citizens which it has detained for crimes against the country' s government. This comes after North Korea detained two US citizens in the last month. North Korea also slammed US media reports that said the arrests were a bargaining ploy as " pure ignorance" . 
A leader of militant outfit Hizbul Mujahideen has warned Hurriyat leaders that their heads will be chopped off and hung in Srinagar' s Lal Chowk. This comes after Hurriyat had said the struggle by people in Kashmir is a political struggle and not a religious one. The message, which was delivered through a video clip, called the separatist leaders as " infidels" . 
Actress Madhuri Dixit has said that the topic of rumoured ex- boyfriend Sanjay Dutt in present times is redundant. Madhuri said this in response to reports which stated that she asked filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani to remove references to her alleged relationship with Dutt in his upcoming biopic. Sanjay and Madhuri were rumoured to be dating in the 1990s. 
Making submissions before the Delhi High Court in AAP leader Somnath Bharti domestic violence case, the police on Friday said that the accused used to harass and beat his wife Lipika Mitra. The police also submitted a medical report by AIIMS that said the scars on Mitra' s body could be due to dog bites and burn injuries. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan, during his first TED Talk at Vancouver, said that India made him, the Muslim son of a broke freedom fighter, its king of romance. He added, " The people of this ancient land embraced me in their limitless love. " Shah Rukh further said that Indians assume he is the best lover in the world. 
A video of the aftermath of an accident on a highway in Mumbai has surfaced online wherein passersby can be seen standing to watch and film a biker burning to death instead of doing anything to help him. In the accident, a bike caught fire after colliding with another bike on Thursday, resulting in the death of both the bikers. 
Filmmaker Rohit Shetty has said he is happy and relieved that the Rajinikanth- Akshay Kumar starrer ' 2. 0' is not releasing on Diwali, the same day as his film ' Golmaal Again' . He added, " We know if we release a film with another big film, business does get affected. " Earlier, Aamir' s ' Secret Superstar' , ' Golmaal Again' and ' 2. 0' were scheduled to release on Diwali this year. 
The Central Railway in collaboration with a private organisation has established 24X7 ' One Rupee Clinics' at 14 different stations in Mumbai, Maharashtra, that will charge ? 1 to provide medical services. The clinics have been set up after the Bombay High Court ordered the Railways to do so citing lack of prompt medical help in case of accidents on railway tracks. 
The Haryana government will be conducting sex education classes in state- run schools, for students of classes 8th to 12th. Topics like nutritional demands of the body during adolescence, attraction towards the opposite sex, substance violence and contraceptives will be taught. The classes will start from the state' s Yamunanagar district, and will be extended to other areas. 
A Ludhiana court has issued a fresh non- bailable warrant against actress Rakhi Sawant for her alleged objectionable remarks against sage Valmiki. The complaint was filed against Rakhi last year for allegedly hurting religious sentiments of the Valmiki community. After a warrant was issued against her in April 2017, Rakhi claimed she never spoke against sage Valmiki and issued an apology. n
The Election Commission on Friday challenged the political parties to try to hack its Electronic Voting Machines ( EVMs) this Sunday or Monday. The decision was taken after the poll panel held an all- party meeting over the EVM tampering issue. Several political parties, including AAP, Congress, Samajwadi Party and BSP, have raised doubts over the reliability of the EVMs. n
The Competition Commission has ordered a probe against major telcos for allegedly trying to block the entry of Reliance Jio, reports said. The regulator' s decision comes after a complaint filed against Airtel, Vodafone, Idea, and Cellular Operators Association of India. The watchdog reportedly has concluded that dominant telcos used the platform of COAI to deny interconnection points to Jio. 
The Indian Army has reportedly directed its soldiers to strictly follow the guidelines of informing the Army' s local units in Kashmir before going home on leave in the Valley. The direction came after Army officer Ummer Fayaz, who had gone to Kashmir to attend a wedding, was kidnapped and killed by gunmen in Shopian. n
Pakistan- based terror groups are planning to attack India and Afghanistan, Daniel Coats, the Director of US National Intelligence has said. " Islamabad has failed to curb militants and terrorists in Pakistan, " he added. " Pakistan will likely turn to China to offset its international isolation, empowering a relationship that will help Beijing to project influence into the Indian Ocean, " Coats said. 
The White House has ruled out the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate the allegations of Russian interference in last year' s presidential elections. The White House also issued a timeline detailing how Trump lost confidence in Comey over the last months. Interestingly, Trump recently tweeted that Comey would be replaced by someone who will do a far better job. 
The Supreme Court has taken differing views on the question of precedence of personal laws over fundamental rights. In 1985, the court directed Muslim woman Shah Bano' s husband to pay her alimony according to the laws applicable to other Indians. In several separate cases, the court said personal laws could not be challenged for being in violation of fundamental rights. 
The Income Tax department on Thursday issued a notice to AAP asking why it should not be prosecuted for alleged falsification of account books and " wilful attempt" to evade tax on donations received by it. Issuing the show cause notice to AAP convenor Arvind Kejriwal and three others, the department has sought reply by the first half of this month. 
A 25- year- old Bihar woman, who was reportedly killed by her husband for dowry in 2015, has been found living with her lover in Madhya Pradesh. The husband was convicted for murder and is still in jail. After the woman had gone missing, her parents had identified a decomposed body of a female as their daughter. 
A Russian YouTuber who filmed himself playing Pokémon Go in a church has been convicted for " inciting religious hatred. " The man was handed a suspended sentence of three- and- a- half years. The court agreed that a number of videos on his channel hurt the feelings of religious people by comparing Jesus Christ to a zombie and saying that God does not exist. 
Indo- Pakistani writer and playwright Saadat Hasan Manto was born on May 11, 1912 and Thursday marked the late author' s 105th birth anniversary. Considered to be one of the greatest writers of short stories in South Asian history, Manto' s works mostly revolve around the Indo- Pakistan partition. ' Toba Tek Singh' , ' Thanda Gosht' , ' Khol Do' and ' Kaali Shalwar' are among his works. 
The triple talaq case in the Supreme Court originated from the petition filed by Shayara Bano in 2016 in a case of divorce from her husband. Bano was given divorce through a ' talaqnama' sent to her while she was at her parents' place. A postgraduate in Sociology, Bano petitioned the court for a ban on triple talaq and polygamy. 
Malaika Arora and Arbaaz Khan were legally granted a divorce by the Bandra family court on Wednesday. The couple, who was married for 18 years, filed for divorce in November by mutual consent. The custody of their son Arhaan will reportedly remain with Malaika, while Arbaaz will have visitation rights whenever he wants. 
A 17- year- old boy, Swethan, was on Wednesday beheaded in Puducherry by three men and his severed head was later thrown into Reddichavadi police station in Tamil Nadu. The victim' s body was found dumped in a Puducherry lake which was taken to a government hospital for postmortem. A police complaint has been registered into the matter and the probe is underway. 
Parineeti Chopra has said when people criticised her older appearance, they were right. Talking about her old photos, she said, " I know that is not me. I am a very self- assured person which is what makes me real. I am not showing off by doing so. " Parineeti added, " I knew when I lose the weight, everybody will say that she looks so good. " 
As many as 1, 000 supporters of Indonesian capital Jakarta' s Christian Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnam sang patriotic songs outside the capital' s City Hall on Wednesday to protest against his imprisonment for blasphemy. Others registered their opposition to the verdict and sentencing by tweeting under the hashtag # RIPHukumIndonesia, which means " rest in peace Indonesian law" . 
Singer Ed Sheeran will be coming to India for a concert as part of his Asia Tour this year. While Sheeran' s concert in India is scheduled for November 19 in Mumbai, he will also perform in other Asian cities including Singapore, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Bangkok and Seoul. The singer is touring after the release of his latest album ' ÷ ' ( Divide) . 
According to reports, a 3D film on Ramayana, is being produced on an estimated budget of ? 500 crore. Reports added that work on the Ramayana script has been on for the past year and the movie will be released in three parts. It will also be released in three languages Hindi, Telugu and Tamil. 
The nephew of Samajwadi Party MLC Ramesh Yadav was caught on camera slapping a police officer inside a police station in Uttar Pradesh' s Etah on Wednesday. The man, Mohit Yadav, can be seen shouting " my name is Mohit Yadav" , before slapping the policeman. Yadav has been arrested on charges of assault on a policeman on duty. 
The Mumbai dabbawalas today celebrated the International Court of Justice' s stay order on Pakistan court' s verdict to execute former Indian Navy man Kulbhushan Jadhav over charges of spying. Celebrating the event by distributing sweets near Lower Parel station, the dabbawalas also urged the Indian government to get Jadhav back from Pakistan as early as possible. 
According to reports, 2. 5 lakh tourists visited Kashmir Valley during the first quarter of this year while 3. 5 lakh tourists visited the Valley during the same period in 2016. Eleven lakh tourists visited Kashmir Valley between January- July 2016. Following the death of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani, the number fell to one lakh for the remainder of 2016. 
After the Supreme Court sentenced Justice CS Karnan to six months in jail, a five- member team of Kolkata police reached Chennai on Wednesday to arrest him. The police team, however, failed to locate Justice Karnan and sought help from their Chennai counterparts to track him. The Calcutta High Court judge had travelled to Chennai, his home city, on Monday night. n
Actor Ayushmann Khurrana, while discussing his upcoming film starring Tabu, said, " Oh my God, she is stunning. My father and I both have a crush on her. " Ayushmann and Tabu will be working together in a thriller directed by Sriram Raghavan. The shoot for the movie is scheduled to start in June. 
The Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) on Wednesday expelled senior leader and prominent Muslim face Naseemuddin Siddiqui and his son Afzal Siddiqui from the party for carrying out anti- party activities. BSP General Secretary Satish Chandra Mishra claimed that Siddiqui has slaughterhouses and ' benami' properties in his name and he also took money during Assembly polls which resulted in the party' s defeat. 
PM Narendra Modi on Wednesday launched the Integrated Case Management Information System ( ICMIS) to help the Supreme Court go paperless. The system will help litigants access data and retrieve information online. It will help bring transparency, reduce manipulation and help the litigant know about the progress of the case on a real time basis, said CJI JS Khehar. 
Andhra Pradesh Minister P Narayana' s son Nishith ( 23) and his friend Raja Ravi on Wednesday died in a road accident. Nishith was driving a Mercedez Benz car around 3 am when the car hit a metro pillar, police said. However, it is not yet clear if Nishith was drunk as post- mortem results would be out later. 
Mumbai Customs' Air Intelligence Unit on Sunday night arrested 21 passengers from a single flight for smuggling over 100 pieces of gold valued at ? 1. 7 crore. The passengers, who were from a UP village, were allegedly working for a Lucknow- based gold smuggling syndicate and had hidden the gold in water bottles. They had arrived by a Jet Airways Jeddah- Mumbai flight. 
Shahi Imam of Kolkata' s Tipu Sultan mosque Maulana Nurur Rahman Barkati on Tuesday challenged the RSS supporters to stop being " eunuchs" and be brave to fight like men. He further threatened that Muslims who would join or work for RSS and BJP would be ousted from the Muslim community and will be beaten up. 
CPI( M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury on Tuesday alleged that corruption, black money and terrorism have flourished post demonetisation. " Six months on, still no data on how much money in old currency notes has returned to the system, " he said. " Government has let the big fish ? bank loan defaulters ? off and ruined India' s informal economy, " he added. 
Assam' s Education Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has said that the state government is planning to eliminate the controlling boards of the madrassas and Sanskrit educational institutions to " mainstream" them. " We want to introduce modern learning like computers in these educational institutes. For doing this, we have to change the existing structure, " the Minister stated in the state Assembly. 
A Pakistan International Airlines' pilot, on a flight to Beijing, forced out his crew members from the cockpit to spend time with a Chinese female passenger there. The woman reportedly stayed inside the cockpit for over two hours, coming out only after the plane landed. According to the rules, nobody except the crew can be allowed to enter the cockpit. 
Actress Deepika Padukone' s white satin gown by Tommy Hilfiger was the fifth most googled outfit from the Met Gala event this year. Model Kendall Jenner' s outfit by La Perla topped the list while Bella Hadid' s jumpsuit by Alexander Wang came second. Meanwhile, Katy Perry' s outfit from Maison Margiela came third and Blake Lively' s gown by Atelier Versace came fourth. 
AAP national convenor Arvind Kejriwal made MP Bhagwant Mann the party' s Punjab chief, on the condition that he would quit drinking. Mann was reportedly told that he would be removed from the post if he is found drinking in the future. Notably, Mann has repeatedly slammed the party leadership for functioning like a " mohalla cricket team" , among other things. 
Former Pakistani captain Inzamam- ul- Haq has backed the Pakistani cricket team to perform well against their Indian counterparts in the upcoming Champions Trophy. " We do not have a great record against India in major events, but every day is a new day and I am sure the players will perform well in the first match, " Inzamam added. 
Pacer Mohammed Shami, who has returned to the Indian team after being included in the 15- member squad for the Champions Trophy, has said that the Indian bowling attack is one of the best in the world. Speaking about his two- year absence from the Indian team, Shami said, " In these two years, I have focussed on my strength and fitness. " 
Three- time Tour de France winner, Chris Froome has said that he was deliberately knocked off his bike by a hit- and- run driver while training in southern France. Froome, who posted a picture of his damaged bike on Twitter, said that a car followed him onto the pavement and rammed into him on purpose. Notably, Froome suffered no injuries from the accident. 
Noise pollution caused by humans is pervasive, posing a threat to land masses harbouring wildlife, a US- based study has found. Researchers found that human- made noise doubled background sound levels in 63% of areas studied while the distances that natural sounds could be heard were reduced by 50- 90% . The noise affected wild animals as well as plants indirectly, researchers said. 
Sacked Delhi Minister Kapil Mishra on Tuesday held a press conference and read out a letter addressed to AAP convenor Arvind Kejriwal that said, " Bless me, I am filing an FIR against you. " He further said, " You have everyone on your side and I am alone. But I am ready to fight. . . I have learnt to fight corruption from you only. " 
Dismissed from the Border Security Force ( BSF) for uploading a video exposing ' substandard food' served to soldiers, Tej Bahadur Yadav has alleged that 80% officers of BSF are corrupt. " Government sent us 18 different food items but several times, the authorities gave us only khichdi. . . The system is corrupt but not all officers are corrupt, " he added. 
Private pictures of Hollywood actress Sienna Miller have been leaked online by hackers. " Sienna will be devastated that these pictures said to be of her fooling around have been put online by some weirdo, " said a source. Previously, private pictures of Emma Watson, Miley Cyrus, Amanda Seyfried, Demi Lovato, Katie Cassidy, Suki Waterhouse, among others have also been leaked online. nn
The Anti- Corruption Bureau ( ACB) has said ex- Delhi Minister Kapil Mishra has submitted no concrete evidence against CM Arvind Kejriwal, a report stated. " Mishra had submitted a summary drafted by him about the tanker scam, resubmitted documents he had earlier submitted, " an ACB official reportedly said. Mishra has alleged he saw Delhi Minister Satyendar Jain giving ? 2 crore to Kejriwal. 
Gujarat Deputy Chief Minister Nitin Patel' s son Jaimin was prevented from boarding a Greece- bound Qatar Airways flight on Monday after he allegedly arrived at Ahmedabad Airport in a " heavily drunken" state. Airport officials claimed Jaimin cleared immigration in a wheelchair and argued with Qatar employees. Denying the reports, his father said, " Our opponents are trying to tarnish our image. " 
Ousted AAP MLA and ex- Delhi Minister Asim Ahmed Khan has alleged CM Arvind Kejriwal had asked him to pay ? 5 crore. " They needed ? 25 crore to buy cable network out of which ? 5 crore were asked from me and ? 20 crore were asked from four other MLAs, " he said. Asim was sacked for allegedly demanding a bribe from a builder. 
Fashion designer Sabyasachi Mukherjee has shared pictures of Sridevi' s elder daughter Jhanvi Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan' s daughter Sara Ali Khan wearing traditional outfits from his latest collection. While Jhanvi is seen in a hand painted lehenga, Sara is seen wearing brocade and crystal lehenga and a heavily embroidered lehenga in another picture. 
Singer Justin Bieber is set to receive gifts from many designers when he comes for his maiden concert in India as part of the Purpose Tour. Fashion designers Rohit Bal and Anamika Khanna will present customised outfits to Bieber while Manav Gangwani plans on gifting a set of customised sneakers. Ustad Amjad Ali Khan will gift Bieber an autographed sarod. 
Female IPS officer Charu Nigam, who broke down after an argument with a BJP MLA in Gorakhpur, has said her tears should not be mistaken as a sign of her weakness. " I just did not expect that my SP city Ganesh Saha Sir would outrightly reject the irrational argument and talk about my injury, " said Nigam in a Facebook post. 
Calcutta High Court judge Justice CS Karnan has ordered a five- year jail sentence for Supreme Court judges, including the Chief Justice of India Jagdish Singh Khehar. Karnan, who had earlier accused the seven- judge bench of discriminating against him for being a Dalit, said the judges are guilty under the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes ( Prevention of Atrocities) Act. 
An 84- year- old retired State Bank of India employee, Janardan Bhatt, and his wife recently donated ? 1 crore, his entire life savings, to the National Defence Fund. Bhatt was reportedly prompted to take the decision after watching reports of martyred jawans and the challenging conditions they face. Notably, Bhatt and his colleague had earlier shelled out ? 54 lakh to help someone. 
Filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani has said that Ranbir Kapoor' s pictures as Sanjay Dutt from his upcoming directorial should not have come out. He said the pictures came out because the shoot was at a suburb in Mumbai. However, Hirani added the biopic is being made with a lot of happiness and when a film is made with happiness, it turns out good. 
Delhi cab driver Debendra Kapri, who had a few days ago returned a bag with goods worth ? 8 lakh left in his cab, has a debt of ? 70, 000 to settle. Saying " my moral values are greater than my personal needs" , he added the " incident gives me peace of mind" . Kapri had come to Delhi in 2012, searching for a job. 
Asserting that Naxalite violence has killed nearly 12, 000 people in the past 20 years, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Monday launched a new strategy to counter Naxalism. Choking the financial funding of the Naxalites forms the foundation of the new ' SAMADHAN' doctrine. The strategy also involves the use of advanced technology like drones and smart guns with biometrics- activated triggers. 
KV Vijayendra Prasad, the screenwriter of the Baahubali films, said, " We are done with the story of Baahubali, there cannot be a third part. " However, he added that the world and the legacy of Baahubali would continue through a comic series and a television series. Following the success of Baahubali 2, reports emerged that a third film would be made. 
The Water Tanker scam happened in 2012 during Sheila Dikshit' s tenure as CM, in which irregularities worth ? 400 crore were reported while hiring water tankers. The AAP government set up sacked minister Kapil Mishra- led panel in 2015 to probe the scam. Mishra has now alleged that Arvind Kejriwal is trying to suppress the scam because of AAP ministers' involvement. 
As per reports, actress Tamannaah is upset with filmmaker SS Rajamouli for cutting some of the scenes featuring her. Rajamouli reportedly deleted certain scenes as they could not be improved even with visual effects and most of those scenes featured Tamannaah. The actress had taken horse riding and martial arts lessons for her role in the film. 
The International Cricket Council has welcomed BCCI' s decision of clearing the Indian cricket team to participate in the upcoming Champions Trophy in England and Wales. BCCI had been delaying the announcement of the Indian squad for the tournament over a revenue sharing disagreement with ICC. India will begin their title defence against Pakistan on June 4. 
A 15- year- old girl was locked inside a house in east Delhi' s Krishna Nagar locality for two years by her mother. The matter came to light after a neighbour informed the Delhi police, who raided the house and rescued the girl. The girl' s mother reportedly used to visit the house only in the evening to bring food for the girl. 
AAP MLA Kapil Mishra, who was sacked on Saturday as the Delhi Water Minister, on Sunday alleged that he saw Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain handing over ? 2 crore in cash to CM Arvind Kejriwal at the latter' s residence. " When I questioned him ( Kejriwal) , he said lots of things in politics cannot be explained, " Mishra added. 
Sub- Divisional Magistrate Usha Chaturvedi, who listened to 2012 Delhi gang rape victim Nirbhaya' s last declaration, has reportedly revealed that she wanted her rapists to be set on fire and not just be hanged. The Supreme Court on May 5 upheld the Delhi High Court' s decision to award death penalty to four convicts in the Nirbhaya gang rape case. 
The Home Ministry, in its reply to an RTI query, has stated at least one incident of ceasefire violation by Pakistan was reported daily along the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir in 2015 and 2016. It further stated the ceasefire was violated 405 times in 2015 and 449 times in 2016. Over 20 security personnel were killed in this period. 
The Pakistan Cricket Board has demanded a compensation of ? 447 crore from the BCCI for dishonouring the MoU signed between the two countries. The MoU stated that India and Pakistan would play six series between 2014- 2023. PCB recently sent a legal notice to BCCI, claiming it suffered losses of $ 69, 576, 405 ( ? 447 crore) following India' s refusal to play against Pakistan. 
As per reports, Bihar ministers have been renting out their official bungalows for private functions, including marriages and parties, for nearly ? 3 lakh per day. " There is an empty field behind my house. When people need it for marriages, I let them use it. I do not take money from anybody, " said one of the accused ministers, Shivchandra Ram. 
A Muslim family in Bihar has reportedly donated its land, which it had purchased for ? 12 lakh a few months ago for setting up a business, for the upgradation of a temple. " It is a gesture for communal harmony. We have decided to donate land for a good cause. All religions are the same, " one of the family members said. 
The panchayat in Bihar' s Ibrahimpur village asked a man to pay a compensation of ? 20, 000 to a girl whom he kissed twice on the cheek without her consent when she was returning home. However, the girl refused to take compensation and said, " He ( the accused) has earned me much disrepute in the society and he will have to marry me. " 
Britain' s Prince Philip who retired from the public eye recently was known for his public gaffes. He once said, " When a man opens a car door for his wife, it is either a new car or a new wife. " He also told a 13- year old who wanted to go to space that he was too fat to be an astronaut. 
Kawaljit Singh Bhatia, a former advocate at the Supreme Court, has alleged in a Facebook post that his mother was harassed by Jet Airways officials at the Delhi International Airport on May 3. Bhatia added that his mother had a blackout and suffered an injury in the process. The airline, however, has denied the allegations. 
India' s first woman High Court Chief Justice and Delhi High Court' s first woman judge, Justice ( retired) Leila Seth, passed away at her residence in Noida at the age of 86. Seth was the mother of noted author Vikram Seth. " Saddened at the passing of Justice Leila Seth. She was a champion of human rights, " West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee tweeted. 
Wipro has filed a complaint after receiving an anonymous email threatening an attack if it does not pay ? 500 crore in bitcoins. Attackers threatened to use a fatal toxin ' ricin' . " It would be used through food served at your cafeteria, disperse it using a flying drone or even on. . . the toilet paper with which you wipe your ar* e, " the email reportedly said. 
Google' s experimental research and development unit Google X has reportedly agreed to work with the Andhra Pradesh government to better internet penetration and connectivity in the state. This comes after Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu visited the Google X facility in US that has developed Google' s driverless cars and smart glasses besides using balloons for spreading internet. 
According to police data, the incidents of molestation reported in Karnataka' s capital city Bengaluru have increased by 417% in the last 10 years from 2006 to 2016. The data revealed that a total of 4, 241 complaints were filed between these years. However, the conviction rate stood at 0. 37% with only 16 cases reaching the punishment stage. 
A 32- year- old woman lawyer in Mumbai reportedly planned to jump off the 18th floor of an under- construction building and live- stream the suicide on social media. However, she was stopped from doing so in time as the police reached the spot and persuaded her against it. A resident of a nearby apartment had spotted the woman and informed the police. 
Kris Gopalakrishnan, Co- founder and former Infosys CEO, said even though he is no longer professionally engaged with the company, the emotional connect will never go away. " Infosys' best interest will always be in my mind, " he said. " You cannot emotionally walk away from something. . . you have built over your lifetime, or most of your lifetime. . . 33 or 35 years, " he added. 
Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad, whose assault of a 60- year- old Air India staffer resulted in the formation of the government' s ' no- fly' rule, has called the ruling a " welcome move" . However, he also called for " stricter guidelines for airline staff as well" . Gaikwad was banned from travelling in various airlines after he attacked an Air India staffer with a slipper. 
As per a survey conducted by the World Water Council ( WWC) , 71% Indians believe the standard of drinking water in India has improved in the last five years. " I think Mr Modi is very much concerned with water and sanitation issues. He has even appointed a special secretary to deal with the Ganga river cleanup, " said WWC President Benedito Braga. n
After the Supreme Court upheld death penalty to four Nirbhaya gangrape convicts, one convict' s sister said that anyone can make mistakes and should be given a second chance. Claiming that it is not always the boy' s fault, she added that the girls too provoke guys. She further said that despite having a tainted image, she still loves her brother Pawan. 
Information and Broadcasting Minister Venkaiah Naidu on Friday asked the Jammu and Kashmir government to immediately stop the broadcasting of Pakistani and Saudi Arabian TV channels in the state. As per reports, over 50 Saudi and Pakistani channels, besides Zakir Naik' s Peace TV and others indulging in anti- India propaganda, were allegedly being broadcast in Kashmir via private cable networks. 
Over 100 students of Rani Jhansi School in Delhi' s Tughlakabad were on Saturday admitted to the nearby hospitals due to gas leak from a container. " Students complained of irritation in eyes and throat due to the gas leak, " said the school' s Vice- Principal. While the source of the leak is unclear, seven fire department teams have been sent to the spot. 
While upholding the convicts' death penalty in the Nirbhaya gangrape case, the Supreme Court said the case seemed like " a story from a different world" where humanity was treated without respect. The court asserted the need for death penalty while remarking if the dreadfulness displayed by the convicts did not fall in the ' rarest of rare category' , then what else will. 
While the Supreme Court upheld four Nirbhaya gangrape convicts' death penalty, the juvenile convict in the case now works as a cook at a dhaba in South India. The exact location of his place of work has not been disclosed, fearing a threat to his life. The juvenile was released in 2015, after completing the three- year sentence awarded to him. 
The Railways has announced a target of ? 40, 000 crore revenue from monetising its soft assets in the next 10 years. Railways has formulated the non- fare revenue ( NFR) policy to increase earnings from branding of trains and monetising the passenger- related data. Besides, around two lakh big LCD screens will be put up at 2, 000 stations to display information and advertisements. 
The BJP- led Union government has asked the Aam Aadmi Party to provide information on its overseas funding after the Home Ministry suspected that it might have violated the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act. However, an official said the communication to the AAP was part of its " routine" queries, which were sent to a few other political parties regarding their overseas funding. 
After the Supreme Court upheld death penalty to four convicts in the 2012 Nirbhaya gangrape case, the convicts' lawyer said, " We will file review petition after reading the order. " Alleging that the human rights of the convicts have been neglected, he added, " Justice is not done. . . You cannot give a death sentence to anyone for a message to the nation. " 
After the SC on Friday upheld four Nirbhaya gangrape convicts' death penalty, they have been put under ' suicide watch' at Delhi' s Tihar jail. Notably, one of the convicts in the case had committed suicide in March 2013, while another one attempted suicide in 2016. The four convicts will now file a review petition in the apex court against the verdict. 
A picture of yesteryear actress Mumtaz has emerged online. The actress left India and relocated to London years ago. Best known for films like Do Raaste, Chor Machaye Shor and Bandhan, her last release was the 1990 film Aandhiyan. Notably, the actress has only won one Filmfare Best Actress Award in her career. 
The Delhi High Court has allowed the use of the social media platform WhatsApp and email in judicial proceedings to issue summons. Recently, the Bombay High Court had served summons through WhatsApp. The court ruled this while hearing a case filed by Tata Sons alleging that unidentified email IDs were used to circulate ' defamatory allegations' against one of its officials. 
As the SC on Friday upheld the decision to award death penalty to four convicts in the 2012 Nirbhaya gangrape case, the victim' s parents said, " Justice was delayed, but not denied. " While Nirbhaya' s father said, " It' s a victory for my family, I am very happy with the judgement, " her mother said, " This is not just our victory. This is everybody' s victory. " 
Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, an RSS affiliate, has written to Sports Minister Vijay Goel demanding the annulment of BCCI' s contract with Chinese firm OPPO for sponsoring the Indian cricket team. The organisation, which has launched a campaign to push for indigenous production and consumption of goods, stated, " This would not only misguide our youth in blindly going for buying Chinese brands. " 
Pakistan' s national carrier Pakistan International Airlines ( PIA) will suspend flights between Mumbai and Karachi from May 15, according to reports. The move is said to be the result of falling passenger traffic as fewer people are being sanctioned visas. PIA also operates flights from Lahore and Karachi to Delhi and is the only airline operating flights between the two countries. 
Police in the US have rewarded an Indian- origin man who was robbed while saving his colleague' s life. Thirty- four- year- old Anil Vannavalli was waiting for a train when his 26- year- old colleague Madhuri Recherla fainted and fell onto the tracks. Someone stole his backpack while he was rescuing Recherla, and the police called the robbery " disgusting" and gifted him $ 1, 000 ( over ? 64, 000) . 
Australia will be selling Kesar variety of Indian mangoes for the first time with the inaugural consignment of nearly 400 trays landing in Sydney. " The first consignment was a little disappointing? The fruit had a little bit of blemish on the skin, " said Perfection Fresh Australia ( PFA) Australia' s largest fresh produce marketing company. " The eating quality is quite nice, " it added. 
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Thursday reacted to BJP leader Shyamapada Mondal' s ' hijra' ( eunuch) remark, stating she feels ashamed of such remarks. " How dare they question my birth, my identity, my parents? Who are they? Even we worship Lord Ram, that Ram who worshipped Maa Durga, " she said. Mondal had earlier said that TMC chief is a ' hijra' . 
A video showing an African woman stripping in crowded Delhi metro after a feud with some passengers has surfaced on social media. The woman, along with another African woman, has alleged that they were verbally abused by passengers. In the video, some passengers are heard shouting " Bahar Nikalo, Bahar Nikalo" . 
Baahubali 2 has been insured by Future Generali for over ? 200 crore, under its film package insurance product. The policy covers risks related to the film from the pre- production to post- production stage, said a statement. It provides cover against film' s legal liability to pay damages for third- party civil claims arising out of bodily injury or property damage, due to accidents. 
RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav on Thursday asked his party workers to tie old, non- milking cows outside the houses of BJP leaders to see if they really cared for the animal. " Even if the BJP leaders beat you with sticks, bear it and do not resist. We need to show if they are really concerned about cow service, " Lalu added. 
German audio company Sennheiser on Thursday launched its HE 1 headphones in India priced at ? 45 lakh. The company claims the headphones took nearly a decade to develop and the production is limited to one unit a day. The headphones have gold- vapourised ceramic electrodes, while an accompanying amplifier is made using marble from Italy. 
SBI has declined to share the quantum of money lying in suspended bank accounts in which interest amount of customers, who do not claim it due to religious reasons, is kept. The bank was asked to provide details of suspended accounts, and was also asked to share guidelines to deal with such interest amount. SBI said it does not maintain such information. 
Director JJ Abrams has said that Star Wars is not a movie, it is a religion. He further added that managing the expectations of the fans can be difficult. Star Wars: The Last Jedi will release in the USA on December 15 this year. It is the second film in the Star Wars sequel trilogy, following Star Wars: The Force Awakens ( 2015) . n
Debendra Kapri, a 24- year- old taxi driver, has returned a bag containing gold jewellery, laptop, iPhone, camera and over ? 4, 400 in US currency, together worth over ? 8 lakh, to the Domestic Airport police station in Delhi. The driver said the bag belonged to a passenger whom he had dropped earlier. The police identified the owner and returned the bag to him. 
The BJP- led Assam government on Thursday changed the names of all the major roads of Guwahati. The existing names were in use since the colonial times, hence we decided to change them, said Assam Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma. While GS Road has been renamed as Mahapurush Srimanta Sankerdev Path, Beltola- Khanapara Road is renamed as Peer Azan Fakir Road. 
The Election Commission said on Thursday that it will hold an open hackathon in the last week of May, allowing people to try and hack EVMs. The announcement comes amid various political parties and leaders alleging tampering of EVMs in the elections. The EC had earlier said it might invite technocrats, scientists and political parties to participate in the hackathon. 
Five of the top 10 dirtiest cities in India are in Uttar Pradesh, the most for any state, according to data released as part of the Swachh Survekshan Survey 2017. The cities are Gonda, which has been ranked the dirtiest in India, Hardoi, Bahraich, Shahjahanpur and Khurja. Further, 25 cities in the top 50 dirtiest cities are in Uttar Pradesh. 
Former Pakistani captain Shahid Afridi has said that Indian and Pakistani cricketers get along well but " there are exceptions like Gautam Gambhir, who dare I say is not the friendliest" . " We had a heated exchange on the field some years ago. . . I have moved on in life. . . Gautam for some reason cannot get over it, " Afridi added. 
The panchayat in Uttar Pradesh' s Madora village, which is dominated by the Muslim population, has decided to impose a fine of ? 2. 51 lakh for cow slaughter. " Of the total ? 2. 51 lakh penalty, ? 51, 000 will be given to the person who provides information about the cow slaughter, " Mohammed Gaffar, a former village pradhan reportedly said. 
American television host Jimmy Kimmel shared details about his son, nicknamed Billy, who was recently born with a heart defect. Billy underwent a successful surgery and will have another open- heart operation within six months. Talking about availability of life- saving healthcare for families, Kimmel added, " No parent should ever have to decide if they can afford to save their child' s life. " 
Pakistan Cricket Board has sent a legal notice to BCCI for not honouring a Memorandum of Understanding which had been signed between them in 2014. The MoU stated that India and Pakistan would play six bilateral series between 2015 and 2023. PCB is demanding compensation after claiming to have lost over $ 200 million due to India' s refusal to play. 
Congress' Delhi unit President Ajay Maken, who had resigned from the party after MCD polls debacle, on Wednesday said party' s high command chose him over ex- Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit to continue as city chief. " Our vote percentage has substantially increased and we are ready to take on the BJP and the AAP from the grassroot level, " he said. 
Amid ongoing tension between India and Pakistan, the latter on Wednesday arrested 30 Indian fishermen and seized five boats off Gujarat coast. On April 9, Pakistan had detained 42 Indian fishermen with their seven fishing boats off Gujarat coast and 23 fishermen on April 26. Furthermore, in March, 231 Indian fishermen were arrested by Pakistan and 40 boats were seized. 
Indian boxers Shiva Thapa ( 60 kg) , Sumit Sangwan ( 91 kg) and Amit Phangal ( 49 kg) assured India of a medal each after entering the semi- finals of their respective weight categories at the Asian Boxing Championship on Wednesday. The trio also qualified for the World Championships which will be held in Hamburg, Germany, from August 25 to September 3. 
Former world number one men' s singles player Ilie Nastase, who had made racist remarks towards Serena Williams and her unborn child, will not be welcome at this year' s Wimbledon championships, organisers said on Wednesday. Wimbledon Club' s chief executive Richard Lewis said that Nastase " could be stopped at the gate" if he tried to enter the grounds with a ticket. 
Amid rising cases of violence against doctors, nearly 1, 500 resident doctors from New Delhi' s AIIMS have decided to learn taekwondo to help defend themselves on duty. Earlier, over 3, 000 doctors in Maharashtra had gone on strike for five days over the increasing incidents of violence against doctors. AIIMS doctors had also worn helmets to work in solidarity with their colleagues. 
The security forces were put on alert in Pathankot on Thursday as two suspicious black bags were found near Mamoon Cantt area. The police have recovered mobile tower batteries from the bags. On Wednesday, a search operation was launched in Pathankot and Gurdaspur to track down three suspicious men who broke the police barrier in Gurdaspur and then went missing. 
Pharmaceutical major Lupin has lost ? 3, 315 crore from its market valuation in just two days. Lupin shares plunged by 3% during intraday trade on Wednesday after US health regulators issued observations for its plant. The observations were made in Form 483, which are made when investigators feel practices are such that products may become adulterated or render injuries to health. 
In its earnings report for the quarter ended April, Apple revealed that it has $ 256 billion in cash, which is over two- thirds of India' s total foreign exchange reserves. As per RBI data, India' s foreign exchange reserves stood at a little over $ 371 billion on April 21, 2017. Notably, India' s reserves touched an all- time high of $ 371. 99 billion in September 2016. 
Welspun Group heiress Radhika Goenka is set to start her own line of women' s innerwear later this month, which will install fully functional lingerie vending machines in India starting from Mumbai. The vending machines will be stocked with pre- packaged lingerie products in multiple styles and sizes. Consumers will be able to purchase lingerie with just one click through these machines. 
Actor Abhishek Bachchan' s picture recently appeared on an admit card for government recruitment, as an apparent prank. His picture appeared with a misspelt name on the official website of the Staff Selection Commission ( SSC) for candidates who took a multi- tasking ( non- technical) staff examination. The Commission is looking into the case, said an official. 
An 85- kg calf, which was reportedly being kept tied up on the terrace of a four- storey building, jumped from the roof and fell onto a 43- year- old man. The man suffered a fractured leg, several stitches, and a head trauma and was taken to a local hospital. The six- month- old calf, however, could not survive the fall. 
Pradeep Kumar, who starred in Telugu show ' Saptha Matrika' , allegedly committed suicide at his house in Hyderabad, police said on Wednesday. His wife and friend reportedly saw him hanging from a ceiling fan on Tuesday night. " Though the exact reasons behind Pradeep' s extreme step are still not known, the couple had a minor quarrel last night, " the inspector said. 
Pescara midfielder Sulley Muntari has been banned for one game after he walked off the pitch at Cagliari on Sunday, having been booked for complaining to the referee about racial abuse by the crowd. Serie A' s disciplinary committee also said that no action would be taken against Cagliari because only around 10 supporters were involved in abusing Muntari. 
Jan Adhikar Party MP Pappu Yadav on Wednesday urged the Maoists to kill political leaders instead of security personnel. " Politicians are looting the country, so Maoists should first kill them, " said the MP. Yadav also criticised PM Modi for the recent Maoist attack and said, " Modi had claimed that corruption, terrorism, and Maoist problems will be eliminated after demonetisation. " 
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday highlighted her government' s achievements in dealing with Maoists in the state. " So far, in West Bengal, 328 Left- wing extremists have surrendered. This includes 111 Maoists in 2017. 205 surrenderees have already been enrolled as Special Home Guards, " she said. " Apart from employment, surrendering Maoists get financial incentives, " she added. 
Reacting to Kajol' s recent clarification that the meat she was served was not beef, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said, " Why is there such fear? Whom should we fear? " Stating that some people are " trying to dictate what others will eat" , Mamata added, " She had to clarify that it was not beef but buffalo meat. It is an alarming situation. " 
Amid rising tension after the mutilation of bodies of two Indian soldiers, the government has sent back a delegation of 47 Pakistani students. MEA spokesperson Gopal Baglay said an NGO had invited the students and their teachers as part of an exchange programme. The government advised the NGO that this is not the right time for such programmes. 
AAP leader Kumar Vishwas on Wednesday reached a compromise with the party and was appointed as its Rajasthan chief. Further, the Parliamentary Affairs Committee of the party decided to suspend the primary membership of AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan for his derogatory comments against Vishwas. AAP would also form a committee to conduct an inquiry into Khan' s statements. 
BJP workers Raju Mahali and his wife Geeta Mahali, who hosted lunch for party President Amit Shah at West Bengal' s Naxalbari almost a week ago, have joined the Mamata Banerjee- led Trinamool Congress. While the BJP has alleged that the couple was abducted, TMC leader Goutam Deb has said they joined the party without any pressure from anyone. 
The Punjab Police launched a massive search operation on Wednesday in Pathankot and Gurdaspur districts to track down three suspicious men who broke the police barrier in Gurdaspur and then went missing. As per the police, the SUV they were driving was robbed by them from Samba in Jammu. The SUV was later found abandoned. 
Pakistan Test captain Misbah- ul- Haq became the first batsman in the history of Test cricket to register three scores of 99, after getting dismissed one run short of a century against the West Indies on Tuesday. The 42- year- old right- handed batsman, who was chasing his 11th Test century, also became the first player to score 99 in two consecutive Tests. 
The Madhya Pradesh Cabinet on Tuesday decided to grant the status of " living human entity" to Narmada river. Earlier, Home Minister Rajnath Singh had asked the state government to introduce a bill in the Assembly. The proposal to grant the status to Narmada river came after the Uttarakhand High Court accorded the status to Ganga and Yamuna rivers. 
Amid the ongoing rift in the Aam Aadmi Party, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and Deputy CM Manish Sisodia visited party leader Kumar Vishwas' s residence in Ghaziabad on Tuesday night and asserted they are hopeful they will convince Vishwas. " He is an inseparable part of our movement. He is upset with us, " said the AAP Convenor. 
BJP MLC Mahantesh Kavatagimath from Karnataka has reportedly posted at least 50 pictures that contained pictures of porn stars on the Belagavi Media Force WhatsApp group. He posted the images from his official phone on the WhatsApp group, of which many politicians, senior police officers and journalists, are members. Later, he apologised to the media, claimed reports. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute at Patanjali Yogpeeth in Haridwar. The Patanjali Research Institute will be the first organisation in India to conduct clinical trials as per international standards in the field of Ayurveda. " We must never forget the innovative spirit that our ancestors were blessed with, " Modi said. 
Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan, whose party LJP is a part of the NDA alliance, has told the Opposition they should not waste their time as there is no vacancy for the Prime Minister' s post till 2024. " People like Nitish, Mulayam and Lalu can never be one. They should stop wasting their time in looking for a prime ministerial candidate, " he added. 
Pakistani Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa had authorised the ambush on the LoC which led to the mutilation of two Indian soldiers' bodies, said a report. Bajwa had reportedly visited Pakistani military positions in Haji Pir on April 30 and there he ordered his forces to avenge the killing of 7- 10 Pakistani soldiers by India on April 17. 
A 20- year- old man, Rajat Barla, died after being struck by a lightning during a football match in the area under Bistupur police station in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, the police said on Tuesday. Barla was playing a match when thunderbolt accompanied by rain lashed the city. He sustained injuries and was taken to a hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead. 
The Supreme Court- appointed Committee of Administrators has said to the state associations that the Indian cricket team' s withdrawal from the upcoming ICC Champions Trophy is not in the best interests of Indian cricket. CoA head Vinod Rai on Tuesday had said that BCCI officials are not mandated to take any decision on India' s Champions Trophy participation without the CoA' s approval. 
Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia slammed Kumar Vishwas for speaking only on TV and not attending the party meetings about the ongoing internal turmoil. ? Party workers know very well which party. . . is benefitting from his repeated statements, ? he said. He also criticised Vishwas for calling himself one of the founders of the party, saying it was formed by lakhs of people. 
The Supreme Court on Tuesday rebuked the Bihar government for seeking two years' time to appoint 174 stenographers in the police. " You are making fun of this court. You can hold one single test for stenographers and recruit them, " stated the apex court. The court is monitoring the filling up of police vacancies in all states. 
China has ' vested interest' in helping resolve the Kashmir issue between India and Pakistan, claimed an article in the state- run Chinese daily Global Times. The article claimed that because of China' s $ 50 billion investment in the China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) that passes through Pakistan- Occupied Kashmir ( PoK) , it has a bigger role to play as a mediator between the two nations. 
The Karnataka Police has arrested an admin of a WhatsApp group from Uttara Kannada district after a picture of Prime Minister Narendra Modi with obscene content was posted in the group by a member. The arrested admin of the WhatsApp group is said to be an auto rickshaw driver. It is reportedly the first arrest of this kind in India. 
In a cabinet meeting on Tuesday, Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath approved the implementation of GST, which will now be passed in the state assembly on May 16. A new transfer policy was approved under which 20% officers and employees who have completed three years in district or seven years in a division will be eligible for transfer. 
Tata Teleservices has fired between 500 and 600 employees in sales and other related functions, according to reports. The layoffs are across locations and severance package being offered to employees is one month' s salary for every year of service, reports added. The layoffs come amid the telecom industry witnessing intense competition triggered by the entry of Reliance Jio. 
Central Railway has issued clarification after reports of a scam alleged its catering department purchased food products at ten times their MRP. It said typing errors in an RTI reply caused the miscommunication. While the RTI revealed that a 100 gram Amul curd cup was bought for ? 970, Railways said cartons having 108 cups were purchased at this price each. 
The Indian T20I team slipped a spot to the fourth place in the ICC T20I team rankings, according to the latest ICC rankings released on Tuesday. The Virat Kohli- led team, with 118 rating points, is three points behind World T20 2009 winner Pakistan and World T20 2010 winner England. New Zealand with 125 rating points is the top- ranked T20I team. 
Members of a group called the Arekatika Porata Samithi have filed a complaint with the Hyderabad police against Baahubali 2 director SS Rajamouli. The complaint was filed over a dialogue that allegedly hurt the sentiments of the Katika community. The group claims that the dialogue " Katika cheekati" , is a ' caste slur' and was ' humiliating their community name' . 
Actress Shraddha Kapoor, while speaking about reports of her dating Farhan Akhtar, has said that fiction can go to incredible heights. She said, " I choose to ignore them and just focus on my work, " and added that she is friends with Farhan. Earlier, reports of Shraddha moving in with Farhan had surfaced online. 
Scientists have successfully removed HIV DNA from the genomes of ' humanised' mice, using CRISPR/ Cas9 gene- editing tool, a step which in the future may help eliminate the virus in humans. The researchers were able to genetically inactivate the human immunodeficiency virus type- 1 ( HIV- 1) in mice, that had been injected with human genes and cells. 
Singer Selena Gomez attended the Met Gala 2017 red carpet with rumoured boyfriend The Weeknd on Monday. Selena wore an embroidered gown with sequin embellishment by Coach, while The Weeknd wore a black tuxedo. The couple has been rumoured to be dating since they were first spotted together in Los Angeles in January. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra wore what is believed to be the world' s longest trench coat at the Met Gala 2017 red carpet. Priyanka made her debut at the annual fundraising event, which was held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, on Monday. The trench coat gown with the long train was designed by Ralph Lauren. 
The Visva- Bharati University has started a certificate level course to teach Mandarin ( the Chinese language) to Indian soldiers which will reportedly help them gather intelligence. As many as 25 Army personnel have enrolled for the course this year. The university has, however, said that the course will introduce them to the centuries- old tie between the two nations. 
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar has announced that the state will become stray cattle free by August 15. The tagging of 89. 3% of cattle in gaushalas and nandishalas ( shelters for bovine animals) has been completed and the work to rehabilitate abandoned cattle is being undertaken in a mission mode, Khattar said. 
The CRPF officials have reportedly said the Chhattisgarh Police did not provide intelligence prior to Sukma Naxal attack. " The Naxals had forewarned villagers from venturing out of their homes, " a report stated. As per instructions, state police needs to have at least 33% of the CRPF strength, but in Sukma, on most occasions, there is barely even one, said an official. 
AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan on Monday resigned from the party' s Political Affairs Committee ( PAC) , after accusing AAP leader Kumar Vishwas of trying to split the party. " I stand by what I said about Vishwas. He' s working at the behest of BJP and RSS, " Khan said. " Vishwas ate cake with Ajit Doval and Bassi when AAP MLAs were arrested, " he added. 
After the Pakistani forces mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers, the Army on Monday killed seven Pakistani soldiers, according to reports. Two Pakistani bunkers were also destroyed in the retaliation by the Indian Army, reports added. Earlier, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley had said the armed forces will " react appropriately" to Pakistan' s " barbaric act" . 
UP CM Yogi Adityanath has directed the officials to paste teachers' pictures on the walls of state- run schools to cross- check from the students whether those teachers, whose pictures were displayed, attend schools regularly and teach or not. Some teachers in these schools use proxies to teach while they themselves draw hefty salaries without doing any work, he said. 
A 30- year- old Bengaluru woman has filed an FIR against an Ola driver, accusing him of molesting her on her way back from office at 2: 15 AM on Friday. " Before I realised, his hands were on my chest. . . I screamed and told him to stop the car, but he kept driving, " she said. Police has identified the accused and begun its investigation. 
' Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' has ranked third at the US box office in its opening weekend, with earnings of $ 10. 13 million ( approximately ? 65 crore) . It beat Hollywood film ' The Circle' , starring Tom Hanks and Emma Watson, which earned $ 9. 32 million ( about ? 59. 8 crore) . Meanwhile, ' The Fate of the Furious' topped the box office collections for the weekend. n
Indian table tennis player Soumyajit Ghosh became the third Indian to win a men' s singles title at an ITTF Challenge Series at the Chile Open on Monday. The tournament' s top seed, Ghosh, defeated compatriot Anthony Amalraj 4- 2 ( 8- 11, 13- 11, 11- 6, 11- 9, 4- 11, 11- 7) in the men' s singles final before partnering with him to clinch the Chile Open doubles title. 
Mukesh Ambani- led Reliance Jio has alleged that Bharti Airtel is violating tariff rules by issuing misleading offers and arbitrarily discriminating among its own customers subscribing to the same plan. Jio has demanded highest penalty for Airtel stating two of its plans are being marketed in a misleading manner. It also sought a direction to Airtel to immediately withdraw an offer. 
Actor Rana Daggubati in a recent episode of a chat show revealed that he once prank called his Baahubali co- star Prabhas and said that he wanted help because police had caught him. Prabhas replied, " Tell the police that you are in Baahubali 2 as my companion and they will leave you. " 
Actress Priyanka Chopra revealed that she has been kicked out of films because someone else was recommended to the producer. Speaking on nepotism, Priyanka said that she has faced it a lot and added that outsiders in Bollywood do not have a foot- in- the- door access. She added, " Eventually, those who are meant to be success stories become that, despite all hindrances. " 
Fresh clashes took place in Jammu and Kashmir on Monday after several students put out posters of slain Hizbul commander Burhan Wani on the administrative block of the Pulwama degree college. While some students hoisted flags of Pakistan and terror outfit ISIS in the college premises, others also pelted stones at the police. 
Calcutta High Court Judge Justice CS Karnan ordered a psychiatric medical examination for the seven Supreme Court judges who ordered the same test on him in a contempt case. " I direct DGP, New Delhi to take the seven accused and produce them to psychiatric medical board attached to AIIMS and conduct medical test, " Justice Karnan said. 
The United States of America Cricket Association ( USACA) is facing expulsion from the International Cricket Council ( ICC) , the sport' s global governing body revealed on Monday. ICC had suspended the board in 2015 as it claimed that the body did not have unity and did not hold the widespread authority over the country' s cricket activities. 
Rajasthan has launched mobile patrolling units to prevent molestation, harassment or eve- teasing against women in the state. As many as 26 patrolling units, each comprising of two female constables, were flagged off from the Jaipur Commissionerate on Monday. The female constables have been provided 110cc scooters for easy mobility, wireless sets, sirens and a light- weight police baton. 
The family of Army jawan Jogendra Giri in Haryana' s Sonepat area has reportedly been abducted by liquor mafia for allegedly opposing a liquor vendor in their village. Giri, who is currently posted at Jammu border, said, " If soldiers are serving the nation, who is responsible for the safety of their family members? The administration needs to answer this. " 
Turkish President Recep Erdo? an, who is on a one- day visit to India, met PM Narendra Modi and said that Turkey' s $ 6. 5 billion annual trade volume with India is " not enough" and should be boosted to $ 10 billion. Erdo? an and Modi are also expected to discuss other strategic issues, including India' s NSG membership bid and enhancing anti- terror cooperation during the visit. 
Actor Sonu Sood is set to make a biopic on Rio Olympics silver medallist PV Sindhu. " It feels great to make a biopic on PV Sindhu. It' s a story of a girl who has inspired millions of Indians, " said Sonu in a statement. Sindhu stated, " I' m very impressed with the thorough research. . . done on my biopic for the last eight months. " n
Actor Irrfan Khan has said that he would love to play a woman on screen. He further revealed that he was offered actress Kangana Ranaut' s role in the 2014 film ' Revolver Rani' . " I had made up my mind to do it. But there were some intimate scenes that I thought people will not enjoy, " said Irrfan. 
Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has said that Patanjali Ayurved will finish the multinational firms in the Indian market in the next five years. Ramdev further said the MNCs were not working for the country' s development, rather their sole objective was to " loot" India. In five years, Patanjali would educate farmers about latest techniques and also offer decent prices, he added. 
Indian squash player Joshna Chinappa on Sunday defeated compatriot Dipika Pallikal in the women' s singles final to become the first Indian to clinch the Asian Squash Championship title. Chinappa defeated Pallikal 13- 15, 12- 10, 11- 13, 11- 4, 11- 4 in the 78- minute long final. In the men' s final, Saurav Ghosal finished as the runner- up after losing to number one seed, Max Lee. 
BJP MP Raj Kumar Saini on Sunday said that Congress leaders should be beaten up with shoes for not developing Haryana. " Congress has formed government in Haryana on multiple occasions. It has turned people into beggars. And now, when BJP is in power in the state, Congress leaders are alleging that people are being wronged, " he added. 
Police have arrested four people after Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari claimed that his Central Delhi residence had been attacked by 8- 10 people on Sunday night. The leader, however, was not present at his home when the attack took place. " This was a life- threatening attack, two of my men have been injured, " Manoj Tiwari was quoted as saying. 
BJP leader in West Bengal Shyamapada Mondal has said state CM Mamata Banerjee has become a hijra ( eunuch) . " Mamata Banerjee is practising the politics of appeasement and indulging in theatrics, " he said. " We cannot understand whether she is a man or a woman. I would say she has become a hijra as you see them on trains and buses, " he added. 
A high alert has been sounded in Jammu' s border district of Kathua today following reports of three men hijacking a Tavera car from near Jammu bus stand and fleeing towards border areas. As per reports, the incident took place at around 2 am, wherein the suspects also tied the car' s driver Kabir Hussain and snatched his mobile phone and money. 
Taxi- hailing startup Ola posted a loss of ? 2, 311 crore for fiscal 2015- 16, which is about three times compared to the year before. The loss was reportedly on account of employee- related expenses rising over five- fold. However, despite the increase in absolute amount of loss, the Softbank- backed startup Ola reduced its loss margin, said research and analytics firm Tofler. 
HDFC Chairman Deepak Parekh has said, " I will call this year' s Budget an affordable housing budget, " adding, the government is focusing on " practical and realistic steps" which are good for developers, consumers, and lenders. " I am very excited about housing growth in India in next 3- 5 years and I have never been so enthused about it, " Parekh added. 
At least 11 five- star hotels in Delhi, including the Taj Palace and the Leela, are on the tax defaulter list of New Delhi Municipal Council. Taj Palace owes ? 42 crore and The Leela owes ? 18 crore to the council. Moreover, the highest tax defaulter was Delhi Golf Club which owes the NDMC ? 700 crore. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday denied any rift with Kumar Vishwas and said the AAP leader was like his younger brother. Kejriwal added that some people were trying to show that there is a rift between the two but nobody could separate them. This comes after AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan alleged that Kumar was conspiring to break the party. 
The Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE) will impose trading restrictions on 161 companies from May 5 for their failure to pay the annual listing fee. Out of these companies, 140 are already facing trading restrictions for certain other regulatory non- compliance. In a circular, BSE said that despite repeated reminders and notices, the defaulting companies have failed to pay the arrears. 
Two policemen from Delhi, constable Ashok Kumar and assistant sub- inspector Ramashray Singh, recently donated blood to an alleged burglar who fired at them. When the police shot back, one of the two burglars was injured and was taken to the hospital. The 24- year- old accused however later died in the hospital. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has set June 15 as the deadline to make the roads in the state pothole- free, asking the authorities to work in the direction. Earlier, he had also promised to provide 24- hour power supply to all the 75 district headquarters, 20- hour electricity to tehsils and 18- hour power supply to rural areas in the state. 
Women and children will be allowed to use toilet facilities at hotels and restaurants, including five- stars, in South Delhi for free from May 1. " Security concerns, coupled with the fact that some restaurants and bars do not allow single males, made us keep men out of the scheme for now, " National Restaurants Association head Riaz Amlani said. 
A book on Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has revealed that while greeting someone over phone, instead of saying hello, he chants ' Om' . The book further says that young Ramdev, moved by Dayanand Saraswati' s writings, quit school, fled from home, and enrolled himself in a ' gurukul' . " I wanted to follow the path shown by the ancient sages, " Ramdev claimed. 
Former South African pacer Allan Donald has been hired by the Sri Lankan cricket team as the side' s fast bowling consultant for the upcoming Champions Trophy. The 50- year- old South African picked up 272 ODI wickets during his 12- year career with the South African side. Donald was also a bowling consultant for the England team in 2007. 
Delhi BJP chief and MP Manoj Tiwari, accompanied by Leader of Opposition in the Delhi Assembly Vijendra Gupta, on Sunday had breakfast with slum dwellers of Samaypur Badli. Taking a dig at CM Arvind Kejriwal, Tiwari said, " Work is here where I am standing ( in the slums) . . . Work cannot be done from air conditioned rooms. " 
Baahubali actor Rana Daggubati revealed that he is blind in the right eye during a Telugu chat show, which was uploaded on YouTube in 2016. He added that the eye was donated to him by a donor, after he lost his eye during his childhood. " If I close my left eye, I can see no one, " he further added. 
The Election Commission has cleared Delhi' s Deputy CM Manish Sisodia of allegations of holding an office of profit. He cannot be disqualified as an MLA for being Deputy CM as several states have posts of Deputy CM, said the poll panel. BJP leader Vivek Garg had earlier appealed President Pranab Mukherjee to cancel Sisodia' s membership of the Delhi Assembly. 
Addressing the nation in the 31st edition of his monthly radio show ' Mann Ki Baat' , Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, " We have to make efforts to cleanse it ( the VIP culture) out of our minds. " Modi further said, " In our country, there exists an atmosphere of disdain towards VIP culture. But that it runs so very deep, I just experienced. " 
The release of Salman Khan' s upcoming film Tubelight on Eid is being opposed in Pakistan to ensure better business for Pakistani films during Eid holidays. Local distributors, producers and filmmakers stated they want to protect the interest of Pakistani movies. They claim that a 2010 law forbids release of any Indian film on a Muslim holiday in Pakistan. 
British boxer Anthony Joshua defeated his Ukrainian rival Wladimir Klitschko in the 11th round to be crowned the IBF, WBA and IBO world heavyweight champion in front of 90, 000 fans at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. Joshua, who extended his unbeaten record in professional boxing to 19- 0, knocked down the 41- year- old former champion twice in the title bout. 
DMK Working President MK Stalin on Sunday said that the Centre is using agencies like IT department, enforcement directorate and CBI ' selectively' against AIADMK leaders for its own political benefits. " The BJP government has not invested even one percent on trying to solve the real problems facing the people of Tamil Nadu, " Stalin added. 
Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath on Sunday said, " We will not compromise with law and order and those who violate law will not be spared. " He further said, " I am committed to fulfil the dreams of our people to make UP the best- ruled state in the country. " He also warned gau rakshaks ( cow vigilantes) and anti- Romeo squad against violating the law. 
The Central Railway has been asked by Madhya Pradesh' s Betul district consumer dispute redressal forum to pay ? 5, 000 for failing to wake up a passenger who had registered for the wake- up call service. Girish Garg had boarded Coimbatore- Jaipur Superfast Express in 2015 and requested the Railways' customer care to wake him up before the arrival of his destination at Kota. 
The AAP- led Delhi government has directed the city schools to install air purifiers to ensure that students do not face health hazards due to air pollution. The government has also asked the schools to educate the students about the importance of improved air quality. The schools have been asked to submit a compliance report within 15 days. 
Actress Priyanka Chopra has said that the ' Chal Na Katrina' line in Baywatch' s Hindi- dubbed trailer is her girl love homage to Katrina Kaif. In the English trailer, the dialogue is " Easy, Britney" . Priyanka added, " This was my idea. Britney Spears is a huge star. I had to find a modern day icon. . . [ and] Katrina is a major icon for Hindi cinema. " 
Bayern Munich secured a record- extending fifth consecutive Bundesliga title on Saturday after defeating VfL Wolfsburg 6- 0 to register an unassailable 10- point lead at the top of the table with three matches remaining. This was Bayern' s 27th German league title with their manager Carlo Ancelotti now being the first manager to win titles in four of ' the big five' leagues. 
Raj Thackeray- led MNS has written letters to building constructors to stop discriminating against people on the basis of caste, creed, religion and even eating habits while selling flats in their buildings. Moreover, the MNS warned of intensification of their agitation if non- vegetarian people were denied flats by the builders. " [ W] e may take law in our hands, " an MNS spokesperson said. 
Actress Katrina Kaif revealed that while she was shooting for the song ' Chikni Chameli' , her feet began to bleed as she was dancing barefoot on stones and gravel. She further revealed that co- star Sanjay Dutt, who has known her since she was 18 years old, felt very shy and could not look her in the eye during the song' s shooting. 
Actress Katrina Kaif has said that actor Salman Khan has a certain kind of aura and love around him, and added that he is an incredible person. She added that Salman is a strong example for people to look up to. Speaking about working with him on ' Tiger Zinda Hai' , she said, " That' s a special set as Salman is there. " 
The police on Saturday discovered that property papers worth hundreds of crores were looted from ex- Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa' s Kodanad estate bungalow on April 23, in which a security guard was also murdered. Notably, some papers were also in the name of AIADMK jailed chief Sasikala Natarajan. This comes amid the death of two accused in the guard' s murder. 
The local pilots' body of Jet Airways has deferred its decision to not fly with foreign pilots from next month. The body had earlier issued a directive to its members not to fly with expatriate commanders after one of the foreign pilots allegedly assaulted a trainer. It had also alleged that Jet Airways treats Indian pilots in " step motherly" manner. 
As per reports, the comedy show Hum Paanch will return to the small screen with a third season. " We will retain all the intrinsic elements and the format, but will give it a modern spin, " a source was quoted as saying. The show revolved around five sisters and their parents, and starred Ashok Saraf, Rakhee Tandon in pivotal roles. 
The Delhi University' s Department of Social Work ( DSW) hostel has asked residents to wear " proper dress" while in the co- ed common room. However, the head of DSW and provost of the hostel, Prof Neera Agnimitra, said that some girl students had complained about some " improperly dressed" male students sleeping in the common room after two air conditioners were installed there. 
Commenting on countries tightening work visa norms, Bharti Airtel' s Sunil Mittal said, " Would we say we do not want Facebook ( and) Google to operate in India ( as) we have homegrown apps? " Mittal highlighted that movement of Indian workers is getting restricted, while foreign firms have millions of users in India. India is a big market for technology companies, he added. 
The Border Security Force ( BSF) on Saturday handed over a 15- year- old boy on humanitarian grounds to Pakistan authorities after he strayed into the Indian territory. The boy, Razak Mai, reportedly crossed over the International Border from Punjab' s Abohar sector by mistake and was apprehended on Friday. The BSF this year handed over six other Pakistani nationals who had crossed over. 
The Allahabad High Court has transferred around 400 judicial officers, almost half of them of the ranks of Additional District Judge and Sessions Judge. All the officials have been asked to be ready to hand over the charge at their present place of posting on May 8. The most comprehensive reshuffle has been done in Jhansi, Banda, Moradabad and Sitapur. 
The first rail freight linking the UK to China reached the city of Yiwu on Saturday, covering 12, 000 km in 20 days. The train loaded with British goods departed London on April 10 and passed through seven countries. The train which covered the world' s second longest journey is a part of China' s efforts to revive the Silk Road trading routes. 
Indian cueist Pankaj Advani won silver at the Asian Snooker Championship, losing the final to China' s Lv Haotian in Doha on Friday. A win would have made Pankaj the only player in history to win all Majors in two sports at all levels across all formats. With the loss, Pankaj missed out on a career Grand Slam in cue sport. 
Samajwadi Party leader and former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said, " When petrol can be stolen from remote by a chip without any internet connection then it can happen in an EVM also. " Yadav, who lost the recent UP Assembly polls, said that we have to stop the misuse of technology. 
Model Sonika Chauhan passed away in a car accident in Kolkata on Saturday. Sonika was travelling in the car with actor Vikram Chatterjee, who is currently admitted in the ICU. According to police, the car mounted the pavement while trying to avoid an approaching car. Sonika, who hailed from Kolkata, was an anchor in the Pro Kabaddi League. 
A 23- year- old man has been arrested for sending obscene messages to television actress Sonarika Bhadoria. She revealed that the man used 25 different numbers to contact her and had been calling her since eight months. Sonarika is known for her portrayal of Goddess Parvati and Adi Shakti in the television serial ' Devon Ke Dev. . . Mahadev' . 
The International Islamic University in Islamabad, Pakistan has issued a notice prohibiting girls in the hostel from sharing beds. It instructs students to keep a distance of at least 2 feet between their beds and warns them of a fine in case they are " found sharing bed with. . . friends or sisters" . The order also bans girls from sitting on the same bed. 
Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma tweeted that SS Rajamouli, director of film franchise ' Baahubali' , is bigger than all Khans, Roshans and Chopras. " Like world was divided into BC and AD ( before death of Christ and after) Indian cinema is going to be BB and AB ( before Bahubali and after) , " he tweeted further. Baahubali 2 reportedly released on 6, 500 screens in India. 
Too many shops and restaurants at Delhi Airport could hinder evacuations and jeopardise the lives of passengers during an emergency, a parliamentary panel has concluded in a draft report. It said, " The advice of security agencies is being overlooked for commercial interests. " Delhi International Airport Limited and the Civil Aviation Ministry have ignored the safety concerns, the report claimed. 
Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia on Saturday claimed that his Twitter account was hacked after anti- Hazare messages were retweeted from his account. " Someone retweeting anti- Anna Hazare messages from account. Trying to delete them, not even getting deleted, " he said. " Pls do not believe them. I have greatest respect for Annaji. Can never say such things against him, " he added. 
Vinod Rai, head of the Supreme Court- appointed BCCI' s Committee of Administrators, has said former players like Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid should aid in cricket administration. " We have a remarkable young team. . . legends like Kapil, Sourav, Anil Kumble, Rahul, Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar need to speak up and ensure that cricket administration in this country improves, " said Rai. 
An association representing the members of the Indian Administrative Service ( IAS) has said the officers will adopt families of security personnel who lost their lives in Maoist combats, anti- terror operations or law and order duties. The bureaucrats will approach such families within their area of posting and act as facilitators to help them get their dues, including jobs and pensions. 
Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia tweeted on Friday that the birth and death anniversaries of eminent personalities will cease to be public holidays in the national capital. The move follows a similar decision taken by the UP government, wherein 15 public holidays celebrating famous people' s births and deaths were cancelled. The list of cancelled holidays will be released later. 
Martin Sorrell, CEO of world' s largest advertising and public relations company WPP, was awarded a payout of over $ 62 million ( ? 400 crore) in 2016. The payout was around 32% less from the $ 91 million ( ? 585 crore) he received in 2015, one of the biggest in UK' s corporate history. With this, Sorrell has received $ 272 million in total remuneration since 2012. 
The Australian Cricketers' Association ( ACA) has rejected the latest pay offer from their cricket board. Cricket Australia had proposed to share the surplus revenue of the board with only male international players, while female cricketers and domestic male players would be given fixed amounts. The ACA said the proposal is " a win for cricket administrators but a loss for cricket. " 
A Pakistani passport holder flew in from Dubai to the New Delhi' s IGI Airport and claimed to be associated with the country' s intelligence agency ISI on Friday. Muhammad Rafiq, who was to fly to Kathmandu next, was detained by security officials. During questioning, the 38- year- old said he had decided to leave the agency and stay in India. 
ICC Chairman Shashank Manohar has said the board is willing to increase BCCI' s revenue share in the 2015- 2023 cycle to $ 390 million ( ? 2, 500 crore) . This comes after all ICC members except India voted for a new revenue model, which cuts India' s share to $ 260 million ( ? 1, 668 crore) . BCCI has already rejected an offer of an additional $ 100 million from Manohar. 
A picture shared by Sayani Gupta on Instagram shows her with Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif from the sets of their upcoming film Jagga Jasoos. Sayani wrote alongside the picture, " To mark the debut of the goddess on Instagram. . here is a blurry memory ( thanks to Ranbir) post wrap! @ katrinakaif Welcome aboard! " 
Senior AAP leader Kumar Vishwas, in an interview, has said party? s Convenor Arvind Kejriwal' s stand on surgical strike was wrong and he should not have attacked the Prime Minister. " Blaming EVMs is not good. That can be a factor but we failed to reach out to the voters and volunteers, " he said. Ticket distribution during Punjab election was wrongly done, he added. 
A Delhi Metro probe has identified three men as suspects who used the open Wi- Fi at Rajiv Chowk station to play porn on an LED screen. The findings have been submitted to Delhi Police. " Young men are seen using their phones as remote and watching the screen. . . One of them is also seen recording the entire incident, " the police said. 
Pakistan have called off their tour to Bangladesh after the country rejected an invitation to play two T20Is in Pakistan this year. Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Shaharyar Khan said the team cannot tour Bangladesh for a third straight time, since the latter failed to reciprocate. Pakistan travelled to Bangladesh in 2011 and 2015, while Bangladesh last toured Pakistan in 2007- 08. 
Condoling the death of veteran actor Vinod Khanna, a press release from the Punjab Vidhan Sabha Speaker named actor Rajesh Khanna in its opening line. Though the headline did mention Vinod Khanna, the error was made in the introduction. While Vinod Khanna passed away on Thursday, Rajesh Khanna had died in 2012. 
Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi Vadra has said her finances had nothing to do with those of her husband Robert Vadra' s or his company Skylight Hospitality which is under Haryana government' s scanner. Earlier, a query was made to Robert asking whether a portion of the money he had received from the DLF was used by Priyanka to buy properties in Faridabad. 
The Election Commission has sought an unprecedented deployment of 74, 000 paramilitary personnel from the Centre during the by- polls for the Anantnag Lok Sabha constituency on May 25. The Anantnag by- poll was earlier scheduled to be held on April 12 but was postponed amid widespread violence during the April 9 Srinagar by- polls, which left at least eight dead. 
A spy ship, part of Russia' s Black Sea Fleet, has sunk off the Turkish coast after a collision with a freighter, prompting the evacuation of 78 crew members, the Turkish coastal authority has said. The cause of the collision was not established, however, Russia' s Defence Ministry has said its vessel had a hole as a result of the incident. 
The members of the Supreme Court- appointed BCCI' s Committee of Administrators ( CoA) have claimed that members of the Indian cricket team called them up to ask about the uncertainty surrounding India' s participation in the upcoming ICC Champions Trophy. India, the defending champions of the tournament, have missed the squad announcement deadline for the tournament. 
The Uttarakhand High Court on Thursday ordered the seizure of all EVMs used in Vikasnagar constituency during Assembly elections, as requested by Congress leader Navprabhat in a petition alleging EVM tampering. The HC also sought a response in this regard from the Election Commission, the state Election Commission, and the BJP' s Vikasnagar MLA MS Chauhan within six weeks. 
Launching ' Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik' ( UDAN) scheme on Thursday, PM Narendra Modi said, " My dream was to see a person who wears a ' hawai chappal' ( slippers) to fly on the ' hawai jahaz' ( aeroplane) . " " The lives of the middle class are being transformed. . . Earlier, aviation was considered to be the domain of a select few. That has changed now, " he added. 
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India plans to start industry- wide consultation on framing rules for new mobile operators testing their services prior to full- fledged commercial launch, reports said. The issue of specific framework for trial services had come up after Reliance Jio' s entry. Incumbent operators had demanded that do' s and don' ts of such trial services need to be made clear. 
BJP President Amit Shah on Thursday said, " The Opposition should also start working instead of doing ' bayanbaazi' . The BJP will return to power with a bigger mandate in 2019. " He added, " We are working together with PM Modi who is working tirelessly for the people. . . The BJP is working on an expansion mode and we believe that we can win. " 
Hollywood director Jonathan Demme, best known for directing the 1991 Oscar- winning film ' The Silence of the Lambs' , passed away on Wednesday at the age of 73. He passed away of cancer complications, his publicist said. Other films directed by him include ' Swing Shift' ( 1984) , ' Something Wild' ( 1986) and ' Married to the Mob' ( 1988) . 
Fungus- like organisms have been found fossilised in South African rocks dating back 2. 4 billion years, pushing the oldest evidence of possible fungal life by at most 2 billion years. The fossils suggest it may have evolved underwater, scientists said. If not a fungus, the organism could be from an extinct branch of life that has not been described before, scientists added. 
Hearing a petition filed by NGO Common Cause, the Supreme Court on Thursday said the Lokpal Bill is a " workable piece of legislation" and there is no justification to keep its implementation pending. Shanti Bhushan argued that while the Lokpal Bill was passed in 2013 and came into effect in 2014, Lokpal has not been appointed by the government deliberately. 
Veteran actor Vinod Khanna, who was reportedly suffering from cancer, passed away today in Mumbai at the age of 70. Khanna was also the sitting Member of Parliament from Gurdaspur for the Bharatiya Janata Party. The actor, who appeared in films including ' Amar Akbar Anthony' and ' The Burning Train' , is also a recipient of the Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award. 
PM Narendra Modi on Thursday launched Ude Desh ka Aam Nagrik ( UDAN) scheme for regional flight connectivity by flagging off the inaugural flight from Shimla to Delhi. Under UDAN, government will connect small towns by air with 50% plane seats' fare capped at ? 2, 500 for a one- hour journey of 500 kilometres. UDAN will connect over 45 unserved and under- served airports. 
BJP chief Amit Shah on Wednesday slammed Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal after AAP blamed EVMs for their loss in the MCD polls. " Let Kejriwal first tell the public how he won in Delhi in 2015 with these same EVMs. . . " Shah said. " UPA one and two had also won elections with the same EVMs, " the BJP leader added. 
Eight member nations voted against BCCI' s proposal of retaining ICC' s old revenue model at the Board meeting in Dubai on Wednesday. The Sri Lankan board was the only member which supported BCCI' s stance on governance, while it joined others in opposing BCCI' s proposal to retain the revenue structure. BCCI will lose ? 1, 000 crore if the new revenue model is implemented. 
Former AAP leader Mayank Gandhi urged Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal in an open letter to forget his ambitions of becoming Prime Minister and focus on governing the national capital instead. " You took complete power by becoming convener as well as CM of Delhi. How much more power do you want before you start delivering alternative politics? " he added. 
At least three people were killed and several injured after a jetty collapsed due to high tide in West Bengal' s Hooghly district on Wednesday. Reports claimed that several people survived by swimming towards the river' s bank, while at least 30 others were missing. CM Mamata Banerjee announced a compensation of ? 2 lakh each to the families of the deceased. 
Manjit Kaur, a Sub- Inspector in the Punjab Police, recently married her same- sex partner, according to reports. The marriage was reportedly solemnised according to Hindu rituals in Jalandhar and the cop wore a red turban and her bride wore a lehenga. The reports further added that the wedding took place in the presence of their families and colleagues. 
A 3- foot- long rabbit named Simon, which was expected to become the world' s biggest rabbit, died in the cargo section of a United Airlines flight recently travelling from London to Chicago. " Something very strange has happened. . . I' ve sent rabbits all around the world and nothing like this has happened before, " stated Simon' s breeder. The airlines stated that it is reviewing the incident. 
The Bharatiya Janata Party on Wednesday swept the Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) elections, winning 181 out of the total 270 wards of the civic body. While the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) finished second by managing to win 48 wards, the Congress ended up gaining victory in 30 wards. The remaining 11 wards were won by others, including independent candidates. 
' Baahubali 2' producer Shobu Yarlagadda on Wednesday accused an Emirates employee of racism, adding, " I fly @ emirates regularly n this is 1st time I have come across this kind of attitude" . The ' Baahubali' team, including Rajamouli and Prabhas, were recently promoting the movie in Dubai. Yarlagadda tweeted, " Airline staff. . . were very rude n harassed our team unnecessarily! Bad attitude n service! " 
An Air India flight was grounded after a catering van hit the door of an aircraft at Delhi Airport on Sunday morning, according to reports. Air India officials assessing the damage said the loss will run into lakhs. The flight was delayed by an hour, while the airport driving permit of the van' s driver was seized. 
Any ' accidental damage' caused to the Yamuna floodplains' ecology by the Art of Living' s cultural event in 2016 has been restored by nature, a scientific report by the organisation has claimed. This is in contradiction to the NGT' s report, which claimed that it would take at least 10 years and ? 42 crore to fix the damage caused by the event. 
Over three weeks after Pehlu Khan ( 55) was lynched by cow vigilantes in Rajasthan' s Alwar, CM Vasundhara Raje on Tuesday said such incidents will not be tolerated and the culprits will not be spared. " Investigation is on and some people have been arrested, " she added. On Sunday, 23 ex- bureaucrats had written a letter to Raje demanding justice in the case. 
Nephew of jailed AIADMK General Secretary VK Sasikala and party leader, TTV Dinakaran, was arrested by the Delhi Police on Tuesday midnight on charges of bribing an Election Commission official to get party' s ' two leaves' symbol. He was arrested after being questioned for close to six hours on Tuesday. Furthermore, his friend Mallikarjuna has also been taken into custody. 
As the counting of votes for the MCD election is underway, early trends show BJP is leading in 44 seats, while Congress and AAP are leading in 10 and four seats respectively. BJP has been in power in the 272- ward MCD for 10 consecutive years. The total voter turnout for the polls was 54% . 
The Income Tax Department has issued a ? 24, 646 crore tax demand notice to Sahara Group' s Aamby Valley Limited. The department' s audit found that an income of over ? 48, 000 crore for the assessment year 2012- 13 was not reflected in the record books of the firm. A week ago, the SC ordered Bombay HC to auction Sahara' s Aamby Valley worth ? 34, 000 crore. 
Union Minister Vijay Goel has favoured unification of three MCDs ? North, South and East ? in order to deliver the services more effectively. " Barring one, the two other civic bodies have been incurring losses. It would be more fruitful and efficient if all the three were merged, " he said. MCD was trifurcated into EDMC, NDMC and SDMC in 2012. 
Ahead of declaration of MCD results, BJP had asked its supporters not to celebrate any victory out of respect for the 25 Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) jawans who were martyred in a Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh' s Sukma district. The initial trends showed BJP leading in all three MCDs - North, South and East. 
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan, while speaking in the state Assembly on Tuesday, alleged that Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS) was behind the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi. Reacting to the statement, the state unit of the BJP has given 48 hours to the CPI( M) leader to apologise, failing which they threatened to take legal action. 
Five buildings at Pragati Maidan, including the iconic 45- year- old ' Hall of Nations' , were demolished on Sunday night after their architect Raj Rewal lost a case in Delhi High Court. The buildings were commissioned in 1972 and the architect claimed that they were the world' s first pillar- less concrete frame structures. A ? 2, 254- crore world- class exhibition centre is expected to replace them. 
ICC President Shashank Manohar has reportedly offered BCCI an additional $ 100 million ( ? 642 crore) to make them accept their new financial model, which the Board had rejected earlier. BCCI is opposing ICC' s suggested move of scrapping the Big Three revenue model, which reduces India' s share by almost ? 1, 000 crore in the 2015- 2023 cycle, thereby increasing the share of other Boards. 
The poster of Shubh Mangal Saavdhan, the film where Ayushmann Khurrana' s character has erectile dysfunction, has been unveiled. " Shubh Mangal Saavdhan - ' stand up' for love. Releasing 1st Sept 2017, " tweeted Ayushmann. The film stars Bhumi Pednekar as the female lead, making it her second film opposite Ayushmann after Dum Laga Ke Haisha. 
Pacer Lonwabo Tsotsobe, who appeared in five Tests and 61 One Day Internationals for South Africa, has been charged with match- fixing by the nation' s cricket board. The charges are related to South Africa' s domestic Twenty20 series held in 2015. Six other players have already been banned for trying to fix the outcome of matches in the T20 league. 
Commenting on rising protectionism in major economies, RBI Governor Urjit Patel has asked, " Where would Apple be, where would Cisco be, where would IBM be if they were not sourcing the best products and talent from across the world? " " [ I] f policies come in the way. . . then the big wealth creators in a country that advocates protectionism are ultimately affected, " he added. 
DMK' s Working President MK Stalin was arrested in Tamil Nadu' s Thiruvarur today during the day- long statewide bandh called by his party, and supported by other Opposition parties like the Congress, CPM and CPI. The bandh was called in support of the state' s drought- hit farmers, who have been demanding a waiver of farm loans among other things. 
AAP MLA from Chandni Chowk, Alka Lamba, has accused BJP of trying to poach AAP legislators by offering them tickets in the Lok Sabha elections or coveted government posts. " The BJP leader who called me cited an example of Shazia Ilmi ( Ex- AAP leader who joined BJP) saying that she is earning ? 5 lakh after getting a government post, " she alleged. 
Aamir Khan attended his first award show in 15 years on Monday, after receiving a special invite for the Master Dinanath Mangeshkar Awards from Lata Mangeshkar. He was presented Vishesh Puraskar for ' Dangal' by RSS Chief Mohan Madhukar Bhagwat. Aamir said, " I want to thank Lata Didi, the Dinanath trust, and their entire family, for bestowing us. . . with this honour. " 
For changing the names of the Central government schemes, BJP leader Chandra Kumar Bose compared West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee to Mughal Emperor Babur who demolished Ram Temple in Ayodhya and built Babri Masjid. " I think it is very foolish of Mamata to. . . give a name at the state level for the same scheme which the Centre has actually adopted, " Bose added. 
The CRPF on Monday said " considerable number" of Naxals are believed to have been killed in retaliatory action during an attack at Chhattisgarh' s Sukma district in which 25 CRPF personnel were martyred. About 300- 400 Naxals had ambushed the patrol party while two companies of the 74th battalion were out providing security to people engaged in constructing a road. 
Around 11 Indian hackers of lulzsec India group have reportedly taken down 30 Pakistani government websites in protest against the death penalty to former Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav by a Pakistan court. " Charges against Kulbhushan Jadhav are fictitious, fake and farcical. There is no evidence of wrongdoing by him, " read a message posted by hackers on a Pakistani website. 
The death toll of CRPF personnel in Monday' s Naxal attack in Chhattisgarh' s Sukma district has risen to 25. The personnel, belonging to the 74th battalion, were assisting in road construction work in the area when they were ambushed. Following the encounter, Chief Minister Raman Singh called an emergency meeting of senior officials to assess the situation. 
Chetan Bhagat' s novel ' Five Point Someone' has been included in the new syllabus for the academic session starting July in Delhi University. The ' Popular Fiction' paper will be offered to second- year undergraduate students as an elective. JK Rowling' s ' Harry Potter and the Philosopher' s Stone' and Louisa May Alcott' s ' Little Women' will also be included in the syllabus. 
Students in the Kashmir Valley clashed with security forces and resorted to stone pelting as colleges and universities reopened on Monday, officials said. Stone pelting by the students of a local college caused a blockade of one of the busiest roads in Srinagar, they added. The educational institutions had remained closed for a week following protests by the students. 
Filmmaker- actor K Viswanath ( 87) will be conferred the Dadasaheb Phalke Award for 2016, I& B Minister M Venkaiah Naidu announced on Monday. The award, which recognises outstanding contribution to the growth and development of Indian cinema, includes a Swarn Kamal and ? 10 lakh cash prize. The five- time National Film Awards winner is known for films like Sankarabharanam. 
Singer Kailash Kher has slammed actress Sonakshi Sinha' s selection for the opening act at Justin Bieber' s upcoming Mumbai concert. He added that actors are selected to perform with international singers instead of Indian singers as the event organisers are scared. " It does not give a good message internationally. Foreigners will think Sonakshi must be a big singer in India, " said Kailash. n
Telecom operators will continue to face difficulties in 2017- 18 as well and two of the top three telcos are set to " bleed" due to intense competition from Reliance Jio, a Crisil report said. For this fiscal, Crisil sees a muted 0- 5% revenue growth for top telcos. Notably, Jio is estimated to have cornered 55% of total data consumption since launch. 
According to the latest newsletter by Oxford University, students who avoid making eye contact with their peers could be guilty of racism. The University' s Equality and Diversity Unit has advised students that " not speaking directly to people" could be deemed a " racial micro- aggression" . It also stated " jokes drawing attention to someone' s differences" is a potential form of " everyday racism" . 
A student of IIT Madras, who ordered a new mobile phone through e- commerce firm Snapdeal, has reported that instead of the mobile phone, she found a brick inside the parcel. The girl, who paid ? 12, 000 for the product, said she contacted Snapdeal and registered a complaint. An executive from the company said he would enquire into the issue. 
A triple talaq victim, who was divorced through WhatsApp by her husband residing in Dubai, has reportedly revealed that she was forced to be surrogate to her mother- in- law by maintaining relations with her second husband. " Even my husband did not refuse. When I refused, they tortured me and locked me in a room for as many as six days, " she said. 
Luxury shoe and bag retailer Jimmy Choo on Monday said it is seeking offers for the company as part of a review of its strategic options to maximise shareholder value. The firm said it had discussed the strategic review process with its majority shareholder, JAB Luxury, which is supportive of the process. Jimmy Choo is valued at over $ 900 million. 
Peoples Democratic Party ( PDP) leader Abdul Gani Dar was shot at on Monday by suspected terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir' s Pulwama district while travelling in a car, following which he succumbed to injuries. The Pulwama district president was first admitted to a local hospital but later shifted to a hospital in Srinagar as his condition deteriorated. 
Odisha Agriculture Minister Pradeep Maharathy on Sunday said that farmers commit suicides only when the Assembly is in session. " Once the session is over, are such incidents reported? " he asked. " Odia farmers live with dignity. No farmer has committed suicide even in difficult times like the famine in 1866 or the Super Cyclone in 1999, " he added. 
Ratan Tata has praised the judicial process for its " professionalism and fairness" , after National Company Law Tribunal rejected Cyrus Mistry' s plea against Tata Sons. Earlier, the NCLT dismissed a petition by Mistry that alleged mismanagement and oppression of minority shareholders at group firms. It also refused to grant waiver to Mistry firms that would have allowed them to file the petition. 
An exit poll conducted by India Today- Axis My India has predicted 202- 220 seats for BJP in the 272- ward MCD. The BJP is in power in MCD for the past ten years. The exit poll has further predicted 23- 35 seats for AAP and 19- 31 seats for Congress. " Exit poll results are according to our expectations, " said Delhi BJP President Manoj Tiwari. 
The BJP on Sunday said that there are no differences with its ally PDP in Jammu and Kashmir and the Mehbooba Mufti- led government is " working well" . " The Chief Minister is engaged in daily work. . . so are ministers and the Deputy CM. There is no tension, " said BJP. The PDP had earlier accused BJP of betraying it in the council elections. 
Hashim Sofi, a Kashmiri scholar at Birla Institute of Technology & Science ( BITS) , Pilani in Rajasthan, has left the institute after facing alleged threats and abuses. Sofi alleged that some objectionable messages were written on his hostel room' s door and on his T- shirts, which were kept in the balcony. " Anti- national Kashmiri pervert, no place for you, " read a message. 
For the first time in Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) elections, the None Of The Above ( NOTA) option was made available during polling which took place on Sunday. While the total number of voters in the Delhi civic polls stood at more than 1. 32 crore, the voter turnout was recorded low at 54% . 
Television actor Parth Samthaan was on Sunday booked for molestation at a Mumbai police station based on a complaint filed by a model. The 20- year- old model had alleged that Parth misbehaved with her in a drunken state. She further alleged that he shared her contact number, after which she started receiving calls from boys who wanted " favours" from her. 
Bajrang Dal activists on Saturday attacked Sadar Bazaar police station in Agra, Uttar Pradesh, to rescue five of their co- workers who were detained by the police following clashes. The agitators also set a vehicle ablaze during the attack on the police station wherein one policeman got injured. The attackers demanded action against police and withdrawal of assault case on co- workers. 
Nearly 300 WhatsApp groups were being used to mobilise stone- pelters in Kashmir to disrupt security operations at encounter sites, according to reports. Each of these groups had around 250 members and more than 90% of the groups have been shut down, they added. The government' s policy of suspending internet services has reportedly produced positive results. 
Eye surgeon MC Modi in 1968 carried out 833 cataract operations in 14 hours in Tirupati. He is also known to have been recognised by the Guinness World Records for performing the highest number of eye surgeries in a day. During his lifetime, he reportedly performed about 7 lakh eye surgeries, all of which were free. 
The Ministry of External Affairs has made a provision enabling people to apply online for passports in Hindi. People can download the application form available in Hindi, fill it in and upload it while applying for the passport. The information regarding passport and visa will also be now made available in Hindi on the official website of the Ministry. 
A video has surfaced online wherein an Indian Air Force officer can be seen being thrashed by a mob in southeast Delhi' s Sangam Vihar area. Reportedly, the incident took place on April 20 when the officer' s motorcycle touched the car of the accused, following which they attacked and robbed him. The Delhi police have arrested three persons in this connection. 
Actor Prabhas, known for his role in ' Baahubali' film franchise, has said that he is open to doing a Bollywood film. He added, " I am open to Bollywood if I am offered a project that I can resonate with. " Speaking about his character in ' Baahubali' , Prabhas said that he does not relate to it as the character kills a lot of people. 
A fur coat worn by a stewardess aboard the Titanic has been sold at an auction for over ? 1 crore ( £ 150, 000) , almost twice its valuation. Mabel Bennett is believed to have used the coat for protection when lifeboat crew arrived on the ship. It had been on display in a US museum, after being sold by her family in 1999. 
With Delhi witnessing polling for its civic body today, the BJP slammed Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal for his rant on Electronic Voting Machines ( EVMs) tampering, saying, " Fault is not in EVMs, but in Kejriwal' s leadership. " BJP leader Sambit Patra said, " Kejriwal' s language shows that he is frustrated. He went to Goa and Punjab to become CM, now he is nowhere. " 
PM Narendra Modi is set to meet chief ministers of BJP- ruled states and members of the party' s parliamentary board to discuss good governance and development, aiming at 2019 general elections. " States have carried out reforms in many areas and the meeting is an opportunity to learn best practices from each other, " Modi said. The meeting is called by NITI Aayog. 
Three men were allegedly attacked by animal rights activists near the Kalkaji Mandir in Delhi for transporting buffaloes and complaints have also been filed against the attackers and the men who were assaulted. The incident took place late on Saturday night and the victims, including truck driver, have been booked under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act. 
A six- year- old capybara, member of the world' s largest rodent species has given birth to a pup at Chester Zoo, UK. Capybaras are often referred to as giant guinea pigs and can grow to up to 5 feet in length. Notably, the species is threatened due to habitat degradation and illegal poaching for its meat and skin, for making leather. 
Dinabandhu Mahalder from West Bengal returned an abandoned bag full of blank cheques worth ? 20 lakh from a local train. After going through the documents, Mahaldar managed to find an Aadhar card and a contact number. He then called the number and gave the bag to its owner after verifying his identity with the photo on the Aadhar card. 
Voting in Municipal Corporation of Delhi elections for 272 wards across three corporations took place on Sunday. More than 1. 3 crore people including 1. 1 lakh first- time voters are expected to vote, with the counting to be held on April 26. This is the first time that voters are being given the ' None of the Above' option in Delhi' s municipal elections. 
DMK working president MK Stalin in a video on Saturday, slammed the central government for sidelining non- Hindi speaking people by imposing Hindi on all citizens. He attacked the parliamentary proposition to make Hindi compulsory for MPs and Central ministers who know the language. He also criticised the government for the proposal to make Hindi compulsory in CBSE schools. 
RSS ideologue Indresh Kumar on Saturday said Muslims in India have realised that even Allah does not want an " impure" mosque at the disputed site in Ayodhya. The 15th- century structure was named after an individual ( Babur) and so it could never be used by Muslims as they only worshipped one God, he said. Allah never accepted the structure, he added. 
Union Minister Babul Supriyo has shared a photo of a yet- to- be- built bus stand in Gujarat' s Rajkot while saying that it has already been inaugurated. The photo later turned out to be a computer- aided drawing of the bus stand. However, Supriyo later admitted that he had got the photo from a friend, and had " blindly" posted it with the same text. 
A 22- year- old woman, who posed as a cancer patient to con her Facebook friends into giving her ? 22 lakh, has been arrested in Hyderabad. The woman had started FB page ' Go Fund Samia' in January, where she claimed that she was suffering from brain and breast cancer and needed money for treatment. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has alleged that Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal " fires one bullet at me" daily. Further, Kejriwal said " the firing" has intensified ahead of the Delhi civic body' s polls. His remarks come in the wake of Baijal ordering recovery of ? 97 crore from the AAP which was " splurged" on advertisements and cancellation of office allotment to the party. 
Ahead of the Delhi civic polls, Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said, " If you ( citizens) vote for the BJP and if your child falls prey to dengue or chikungunya, then you will be responsible, because you voted for a party that spreads mosquitoes. " He further said, " BJP is in MCD for the last 10 years but still it cannot clean Delhi. " 
Former Australia captain Michael Clarke has said spinners Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja will be India' s key weapons in the Champions Trophy in England, depending on the weather there. " If they are getting good summer, the wickets will be dry and I think spin will play a part, " Clarke added. The Champions Trophy is scheduled to start on June 1. 
Sushant Singh Rajput has said he did not take rumoured girlfriend Kriti Sanon on a ride as soon as he bought his new car. " I had taken the car out for a spin alone the day it was delivered. Nobody clicked any pictures then, " he added. Sushant further said he and Kriti are good friends and the dating rumours are untrue. 
Ahead of Delhi civic polls, Swaraj India leader Yogendra Yadav has sought AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal' s resignation if his political party fails to win 50% seats in the election. " You have broken the trust of the people of Delhi. Following your betrayal, the public has lost faith in its own capability to distinguish good from bad, " he added. 
Two FIRs have been registered against BJP MP Raghav Lakhanpal Sharma and several others in connection with two cases of violence in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh. The incidents of violence took place on Thursday wherein members of two communities pelted stones during a rally to mark Ambedkar Jayanti, injuring several people. Nearly 300 unidentified people were involved in the clashes. 
Actor Abhay Deol has revealed that only one actress called to support him after he slammed Bollywood actors including Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone and Sonam Kapoor for endorsing fairness creams. " I received a lot of support from people and media. From corporates and filmmakers, no. Why would they? I am calling them out for their practices, " he added. 
A day after Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad' s " we have given Muslims proper sanctity despite not getting their votes" remark, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi said, " Who is the minister to say BJP gave us sanctity? It is the constitution who gave sanctity. " Owaisi further said, " Government and parties will come and go but constitution will remain as it is supreme. " 
The alleged Gau Rakshaks have reportedly attacked five people, including a nine- year- old girl, in Jammu and Kashmir' s Reasi district. As per the report, the attackers took away their entire flock of goats, sheep and cows. " They beat us ruthlessly. Somehow we managed to flee. A 10- year- old is still missing. We do not know whether he is alive or dead, " said a victim. 
Expelled Congress leader Barkha Shukla Singh, who was also the former chief of Delhi Commission for Women, on Saturday joined the BJP. Barkha had accused Congress' Delhi unit chief Ajay Maken of " misbehaving" with her and had called party' s Vice- President Rahul Gandhi " mentally unfit" . Later, she was expelled from Congress for allegedly carrying out anti- party activities. 
The Pune police have arrested five persons for assaulting an Enforcement Directorate ( ED) officer earlier this month when he had gone to the office of Siddhi Vinayak Logistic ( SVLL) to investigate an alleged bank loan fraud case. While four out of these five accused have been remanded to police custody till May 13, all accused have been released on bail. 
Sulkhan Singh, the 1980- batch Indian Police Service officer, on Saturday, took charge as the new Director General of Police of Uttar Pradesh. Singh has replaced outgoing Uttar Pradesh Police chief Javeed Ahmed. " I assure people our police will treat all equally. Vacant posts will be filled soon, " Singh said. Even criminals from ruling party will not be spared, he added. 
Sonam Kapoor has been trolled for allegedly misquoting the National Anthem in a column. " National Anthem pata nahi aur chale National Award lene, " tweeted a user. " Never knew [ she] is so ignorant, " commented another user. " Listen to the national anthem one more time. nRecall the line you heard as kids, ' Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Issai' , " read a part of Sonam' s column. 
Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Friday said that though Muslims do not vote for the BJP, the BJP government has given them " proper sanctity" . " We have got 13 chief ministers of our own. We are ruling the country. Have we victimised any Muslim gentleman working in the industry or service? Have we dismissed them, " he asked. 
Former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit on Friday said the MCD polls are a litmus test for the Congress' Delhi unit chief Ajay Maken. " Let us wait for the election results. . . If Congress wins a good number of seats, then what we are thinking would be proved wrong, " she added. Notably, Dikshit' s name was not in the party' s top campaigners list. 
The Punjab government on Friday slashed the VIP security, including that of the Chief Minister, by withdrawing nearly 2, 000 personnel. CM Amarinder Singh' s security has been reduced from 1, 392 to 1, 016 personnel. As per the government, the security has been cut down to create the necessary infrastructure for better policing. 
The National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB) has stated as many as 7, 634 women died in the country in 2015 due to dowry harassment. Furthermore, after registration of dowry deaths, police have chargesheeted around 93. 7% of the accused, of which only 34. 7% have been convicted. As per the Delhi Police, 31 women died due to dowry harassment till March 15, 2017. 
Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu on Friday inaugurated ' Pariskara Vedika' , a call centre meant for public grievance redressal. People will be able to directly contact call centre executives to give feedback and get information on government welfare schemes, by giving their Aadhaar number. Notably, this is the biggest call centre run by a state government in India. 
Indian Navy on Friday successfully conducted the first test fire of the land- attack variant of the BrahMos supersonic missile. The missile, with a 400 km range, was launched at sea off the Andaman and Nicobar islands. This is reportedly the first sea- to- land missile test in the country and also the first time the land- attack variant was fired from a ship. 
The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a plea challenging the life sentence imposed on Abdul Latif Adam Momin alias Abdul Rehman, one of the convicts in the 1999 Kandahar hijacking case. He is one of the 10 people charged with the diverting Air India IC- 814 to Afghanistan' s Kandahar, while it was on its way from Kathmandu to Delhi. 
The owner of a gym in Australia discovered that a snake was living in her gym for two days. It had fallen from the ceiling after finishing a meal. The owner came to know about the snake' s presence after she was informed by the gym cleaner. " He was really well behaved actually because he was so full, " said the owner. 
The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation, which regulates sale and distribution of drugs in India, has reportedly found medicines like Combiflam, a pain reliever, and D Cold Total, a cold medicine, to be substandard. Along with these drugs, the organisation issued an alert for 55 other drugs, all of which failed different tests in March, the report stated. 
At least seven people died after a live electrical wire fell onto a gathering of Manchester United fans watching football in southern Nigeria, according to local police. Another 10 people were said to be critically injured after the incident. The English club on Friday said in a tweet that the team' s thoughts go out to those affected by the tragedy. 
At a recent event, comedian Sunil Grover said that Kapil Sharma is a great comedian who makes entire India laugh. This comes after Kapil shouted at Sunil on a flight in March and reportedly threw a shoe at him. While Kapil apologised on Twitter, Sunil has stopped shooting for ' The Kapil Sharma Show' following the incident. nn
Randhir Kapoor said he feels that his elder daughter Karisma Kapoor does not want to get married right now. He added, " Karisma' s an excellent mother who dotes on her children and probably does not feel the need to get married. " Karisma divorced husband Sunjay Kapur in 2016 after 13 years of marriage. They have two children together, daughter Samaira and son Kiaan. n
WWE has barred two- time Intercontinental champion Cody Rhodes from using his surname since they own intellectual property rights to the pro- wrestling character of Cody Rhodes. The wrestler uses only his first name for work outside WWE, including his appearances in Impact Wrestling, Ring Of Honor, among others. " I do not mind that WWE took away my last name, " said Cody. 
Criticising BJP for seeking votes in the name of PM Narendra Modi for MCD election, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has said, " Modiji will not run MCD? MCD will only be run by me" . He further added, " Modiji gave the slogan of Swachh Bharat, which was a very nice campaign. But the Delhi BJP failed even the Swachh Bharat campaign" . 
IMF Chief Christine Lagarde has said, " The GST reform is really an act of courage, " adding, she expects " some positive outcome" as a result of the decision. Lagarde also stated she is impressed by other reforms, like the bankruptcy reform, being carried out by Indian government. Commenting on demonetisation, Lagarde said the situation after the move has " improved significantly" . 
The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Centre, " How can you make Aadhaar card mandatory when we have passed an order to make it optional? " The Centre argued that they had found a number of PAN cards being used to divert funds to shell companies, and making Aadhaar mandatory was the only option to prevent it. 
Raveena Tandon' s ' Maatr' which released on Friday, " is successful. . . in how it approaches rape as it does not trivialise the subject, " wrote Hindustan Times. " Maatr a drama with too many blows but little depth, " said India Today. TOI wrote, " Raveena' s sincere as the victim who sullies her hands to get justice. " It was rated 3/ 5 ( TOI) , 2/ 5 ( HT) 1. 5/ 5 ( India Today) . 
A record of goods lost, stolen or destroyed, and given as free samples and gifts will have to be maintained under GST, according to draft rules. Also, each volume of books of account will be maintained with serial numbers, and any entry in registers, accounts and documents will not be erased. Notably, GST is to be implemented by July 1. 
Indian Railways was asked by a court to pay ? 30, 000 compensation to a family which could not use a train lavatory for over 90 minutes as the passage to it was blocked by unreserved passengers. Dev Kant was travelling from Amritsar to Delhi in 2009 when a big crowd entered into the reserved compartments at Ludhiana Railway station by force. 
BJP MP Vinay Katiyar on Thursday said that there may be some truth to RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav' s allegations that PM Narendra Modi has conspired against Advani. " There were rumours that Advani would become President. The CBI is in PM' s hands and it said the case against Advani should take place, " Lalu had added. 
Protesting against the death sentence awarded to Kulbhushan Jadhav by a Pakistani court, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS) workers on Tuesday vandalised a Zara showroom and threw clothes that had Pakistan' s tag. " We had written letters to them asking them not to sell Pakistani brands. Other stores in areas like Juhu had acceded to our request, " said MNS leader Rita Gupta. 
India has made the 15th appeal for consular access to former Indian Naval officer Kulbhushan Jadhav, who was given a death sentence for spying in Pakistan. India had also sought access to the trial proceedings and the appeal process. Notably, India is yet to receive the chargesheet against Jadhav and a copy of the judgement. 
Following a surprise check at Mulayam Singh Yadav' s house in Etawah, officials have found out that the Samajwadi Party patriarch has unpaid electricity bills worth ? 4 lakh. Yadav has been given time till April- end to clear the dues. Notably, Mulayam' s bungalow has over dozen rooms, its own air- conditioning plant, a temperature- controlled swimming pool, and several elevators, according to a report. 
Slamming Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, the National Green Tribunal has told him, " You have no sense of responsibility. Do you think you have the liberty to say whatever you want? " This comes after Sri Sri said the NGT and the government should be fined for allowing his foundation' s festival on Yamuna floodplains in March 2016. 
British athlete Germaine Mason, who won a high jump silver medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, died in a motorcycle crash in Jamaica on Thursday. The 34- year- old was riding back after a night out with a few athletes, which included eight- time Olympic champion Usain Bolt. Mason was reportedly at the front of the convoy when the accident occurred. 
All polling booths for the upcoming Municipal Corporation of Delhi elections have been declared tobacco- free by the Delhi State Election Commission, in a first in the country. Additionally, banners having content related to the ill effects of tobacco will be displayed at entry gates of all booths. However, a no- smoke policy was implemented at poll booths in 2014 general elections. 
A trams transport system was introduced in Delhi in 1908. By 1921, Delhi reportedly had about 15 kilometres of tram track with 24 functioning trams. The system was however stopped due to congestion in the 1960s. The government in 2015 planned to reintroduce trams as public transport in Chandni Chowk area but abandoned the idea, citing high infrastructure cost. 
As per reports, actress Kareena Kapoor has been offered ? 6 crore for a role in an upcoming film. The 36- year- old actress will reportedly be seen playing a character of her age in the film. Meanwhile, Kareena will shoot for the film ' Veere Di Wedding' next, which is being produced by Rhea Kapoor and Ekta Kapoor. 
The Supreme Court of Pakistan on Thursday ordered the creation of a Joint Investigation Team to investigate charges against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and his family members in the Panama Papers case. The Panama Papers had revealed that Sharif' s daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies and used them to buy properties in London. 
The Maulvi who promised ? 10 lakh to anyone who shaved Sonu Nigam' s head said the singer shaved his head to get rid of lice and escape summer heat. He added, " If Sonu wants to stay in India. . . He must tolerate azaan and mandir ka ghanta alike. " Sonu had tweeted about " forced religiousness" and complained about being woken up by the Azaan. 
Asserting that " educational institutions are not commercial establishments" , the CBSE has told schools affiliated to it that they cannot sell books, uniforms, and stationery. " CBSE norms mandate that schools are run as community service, " an advisory issued by the board read. This comes after complaints from parents and stakeholders about such activities were reported. 
Union Minister Uma Bharti has said, " I am happy. . . Being an accused in Ayodhya movement is not a taint. I consider this as a chandan tilak on forehead. " She further said, " The movement was to assert that where Ram Lalla is sitting today was the birthplace of Lord Ram. The court has given its seal on that. " 
Air India has asked Delhi Police to explain the delay in action against Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad who was accused of thrashing an airline employee. ? Any delay in taking action will give a wrong impression. The morale of the staff will also be affected, ? it stated. Gaikwad was taken off Air India' s no- fly list following intervention from the government. 
The Supreme Court on Thursday cancelled the conditional bail granted by the Patna High Court to Amit Kumar alias Bachcha Rai, the alleged mastermind behind the Bihar topper scam. Rai is in prison along with former Bihar Board Chairman and his wife. Notably, he is the Principal of the college where Ruby Rai, the class XII Arts topper, was enrolled. 
According to the new definition of blindness adopted by India, a person unable to count fingers from three metres would be considered ' blind' as against the earlier stipulation of six metres, used since 1976. The step, in line with WHO blindness criteria, is expected to decrease the number of people considered ' blind' from 1. 20 crore ( 2007 survey) to 80 lakh. 
The BSF on Wednesday sacked constable Tej Bahadur Yadav, who had complained of " substandard food" , for damaging the " image of the BSF" . He was found guilty of not obeying orders by carrying two phones on duty and posting photographs in uniform on social media. Yadav was charged with making false allegations and not adhering to the formal grievance redressal system. 
USA' s 23- time Grand Slam winner Serena Williams on Wednesday suggested in a Snapchat post that she is pregnant with her first child. The former world number one posted a picture of herself in a swimsuit, showing her baby bump, with the caption ' 20 weeks' before deleting it within minutes. The 35- year- old has been engaged to Reddit Co- founder Alexis Ohanian. 
After winning a six- pack challenge on SmackDown Live on Tuesday, Indo- Canadian wrestler Jinder Mahal has emerged as the new No 1 contender for Randy Orton' s WWE Championship title match. The 30- year- old will face Orton for the title at the SmackDown- branded event Backlash on May 21, if Orton wins his ' House Of Horrors' match at Payback on April 30. 
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday declined AAP' s request to use paper trail EVMs for the upcoming civic polls in Delhi. " We cannot stay the election nor pass an order to use electronic voting machines which are not there, " it added. The state election commission earlier said it was not possible to replace all the EVMs in four days. 
At least six people were killed in a fire that struck an electronic goods factory in Noida' s Sector 11 on Wednesday afternoon. The factory' s employees claimed that fire tenders reached the spot about 90 minutes after the complaint was registered. Goods estimated to be worth around ? 15 crore were destroyed in the fire, which was caused by a short circuit. 
Activists in Karnataka have called for a bandh across the state on April 28, the release date of ' Baahubali: The Conclusion' , to protest the screening of the film. They have asked actor Sathyaraj, who plays the role of ' Kattappa' , to apologise for a remark he made nine years ago on the Cauvery issue. Sathyaraj had reportedly spoken against pro- Kannada groups. 
During the farmers' protest against the Centre' s inaction over the drought in Tamil Nadu, a man dressed up as PM Narendra Modi was seen beating a farmer with a whip in Delhi. " By ignoring us, it is like Modi. . . trying to beat us out of Delhi, " a farmer said. The farmers had earlier held protests wearing sarees and carrying skulls. 
Raveena Tandon, when asked if she would like to be a part of ' Andaz Apna Apna' sequel, jokingly said the film' s actors Salman Khan and Aamir Khan will instead prefer 21- year- old heroines. " They will be garlanding [ photographs of] me and Karisma Kapoor and. . . then they will be running after 21- year- old heroines. . . That' s how the sequel is gonna start, " she added. 
As the Supreme Court allowed restoration of conspiracy charges against BJP leader LK Advani in Babri Masjid case, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav alleged PM Narendra Modi has conspired against Advani. " There were rumours that Advani would become President. The CBI is in PM' s hands and it said in the court the case against Advani should take place, " he added. 
According to the book titled ' Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton' s Doomed Campaign' , Hillary Clinton phoned her presidential election opponent Donald Trump to say " congratulations, Donald" after her loss. She added, " I' ll be supportive of the country' s success, and your success as president" . Clinton also called former President Barack Obama and apologised to him for the loss, the book revealed. 
Comedian Sunil Grover, while supporting singer Sonu Nigam on his tweet about the use of loudspeakers in temples, mosques and gurudwaras, has asked people not to give it a " religious tinge" . Sonu Nigam had tweeted on Monday that he is not a Muslim and still has to be woken up by the Azaan in the morning. 
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) is set to get its first ' driverless' trains on tracks between Noida and Kalkaji in June this year. These trains will run only on two metro lines ? Pink ( Mukundpur- Shiv Vihar) and Magenta ( Botanical Garden- Janakpuri West) ? and cannot be integrated with the other existing lines. Trials on these lines started last year. 
The Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered the clubbing of two trials in the Babri Masjid demolition case. Notably, the case involving unnamed ' karsevaks' is being heard in a Lucknow court, while the second case related to the BJP leaders was being heard in a Raebareli court until now. Both the matters will now be heard in the Lucknow court. 
Kiran Kumar, a 20- year- old from Vijayawada, was reportedly stabbed to death on Tuesday after he hit a woman with a ball while playing cricket at a local ground. The woman and her son picked a quarrel with Kiran after the ball hit her. Kiran apologised to the woman but her son stabbed him in the chest and ran away. 
Apple showing iPhone 7 as an iPhone 7 Plus is among 143 advertisements dubbed misleading by regulator ASCI, which also pulled up Coca- Cola and Airtel for such campaigns. ASCI pulled up Coca- Cola over a Thums Up campaign, saying it encourages dangerous practices and disregards safety. A total of 191 complaints were received against Nivea, Amul, and Standard Chartered among others. 
Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on Tuesday said the Centre, Delhi government, and the National Green Tribunal should be fined for allowing his foundation to organise the World Culture Festival on Yamuna floodplains in March 2016. " If the Yamuna was so fragile. . . they should have stopped the World Culture Festival, " Sri Sri added. 
The Haryana government has decided to provide accidental death and disability insurance of up to ? 2 lakh for all the state' s residents aged between 18 and 70. The insurance would be provided under the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana scheme for which the premium would be reimbursed by the Haryana government. 
The government is assessing how to bring liquor baron Vijay Mallya back to India and start judicial proceedings against him, Union Minister Santosh Gangwar said. The government will " leave no stone unturned" to bring to justice anyone indulging in financial irregularities, he stated. Mallya, who was arrested in London on Tuesday, was granted bail within three hours of his arrest. 
After facing criticism, the government of Nepal has withdrawn its decision to declare a public holiday on Friday, the day when President Bidya Devi Bhandari returns after completing her five- day state visit to India. In monarchical Nepal, public holidays were customarily announced whenever the King embarked on an official visit to any nation or returned home after the visit. 
A promotional picture for an upcoming film showing South Indian actress Varalaxmi tied to a bed with the caption # VaralaxmiGotKidnapped has been slammed on Twitter. " So now they have used actress kidnapped as a promotion, will they scream rape next? " tweeted a user. " So much for all the female empowerment talks. Tacky promotions, " read another tweet. 
BJP leader Shazia Ilmi has filed an FIR against several AAP supporters who allegedly posted obscene remarks against her on social media. Ilmi, who had earlier approached the cyber cell to complain about online trolls, claimed that she was being targeted because of the forthcoming Delhi civic polls. " I want to know who these men are, " she said. 
At least 285 people were killed and 1, 073 others were injured during a four- day annual water festival ' Thingyan' which happened from Thursday to Sunday across Myanmar, according to reports. As many as 1, 200 criminal cases related to murder, theft, drug use, and group violence were registered during the near nation- wide water fight that welcomes the traditional New Year. 
Two- time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova, who suffered a hand injury in a knife attack during a burglary at her home almost four months back, has entered the draw for the upcoming French Open. Kvitova, however, said, " this, unfortunately, does not necessarily mean that I will be ready to play in Paris. " The former world number two is currently ranked 14. 
TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar, an accused in sexual harassment case, has reportedly said in his statement to the police that he only clicked a selfie with the alleged victim. " I neither massaged her nor communicated with her through any electronic medium, " Arunabh claimed. " I have never stripped in front of her nor did I pose any wrong gestures, " he added. 
Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam on Tuesday dubbed VK Sasikala and her nephew TTV Dinakaran as ' Amma ( J Jayalalithaa) betrayers' and said that they must be removed from the AIADMK. Panneerselvam also reiterated his demand for a probe into Jayalalithaa' s death and said that details regarding her treatment should be made public. 
Scientists have developed a lightweight, paper- based device that can harvest energy from body movements. The inner surfaces are coated with gold and a carbon polymer film, comprising the electric nanogenerator. Pressing and releasing the device for a few minutes charged the device to 1 volt, which was enough to power a remote control or a watch, researchers said. 
A picture of Kangana Ranaut, wearing what appears to be a supergirl- like costume, has surfaced online. Reports suggest that the picture is from the sets of her upcoming film ' Simran' . Directed by Hansal Mehta, the film is reportedly inspired by the life of an NRI nurse who was sent to prison for robbing banks to pay off her gambling debts. 
Former Australian pacer Brett Lee has said that the Australian pace attack could prove to be the difference between England and Australia in this year' s Ashes series. " It' s a pretty serious pace barrage that you have got. Australian bowling stocks now are pretty healthy" , Lee said about the Australian Test team' s pace attack. 
A women hostel at Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi has put up a notice asking women to wear " full covered decent western or Indian dresses" for their hostel event scheduled for April 20. The notice, put up at Himadri hostel and signed by the warden, was shared by ' Pinjra Tod' group that termed it as an act of moral policing. 
Akal Takht ( Sikh religious authority) on Monday awarded religious punishment to 39 Sikh politicians from the Congress, the Shiromani Akali Dal and the Aam Aadmi Party for seeking votes from Dera Sacha Sauda during the recent Assembly polls. The leaders violated the 2007 directive of the Takht, excommunicating the Dera head, Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, for impersonating Guru Gobind Singh. 
A Delhi court has ordered an FIR against a policewoman for allegedly sexually assaulting a 13- year- old girl, who had earlier accused her teacher of molesting her. The court said that false evidence was being created by policewoman solely to accord benefit to the accused teacher. The cop allegedly got the girl medically examined without her consent. 
Union Minister Babul Supriyo on Monday said the underwater tunnel of East- West Metro Corridor Project in Kolkata, built below the Ganga river bed, is the first of its kind in the country. " Building a tunnel under the river had never taken place elsewhere in India. Further being built under Ganga, it has an emotional value as well, " he added. 
An Indian Army jawan has been killed in accidental firing from his own rifle in Poonch area of Jammu and Kashmir. Meanwhile, PRO Defence Lieutenant Colonel Manish Mehta has denied reports that the jawan was killed during ceasefire violation. As many as eight Pakistani Army soldiers were killed as India retaliated to ceasefire violation along LoC in Rajouri on Monday. 
Baahubali 2 director SS Rajamouli has spoken in defence of actor Sathyaraj, who portrays Katappa, against pro- Kannada organisations asking for an apology over the actor' s speech on the Cauvery issue. Rajamouli claimed that Sathyaraj' s speech was from nine years ago. " After that, about 30 films of his were released in Karnataka. . . No one had problems with that, " added Rajamouli. 
Air India has formulated rules to take legal action against unruly passengers, with fines of up to ? 15 lakh if they delay flights. The airline will now fine passengers based on the time by which the flight is delayed. It also announced a ' Standard Operating Procedure' to handle unruly passengers which includes the immediate filing of an FIR. 
Former Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) MP Mohammad Shahabuddin has been acquitted by a Jamshedpur court in a triple murder case that took place on February 2, 1989. Notably, three out of the eight accused died during the trial. Shahabuddin, who is linked to 45 criminal cases, is currently lodged in Delhi' s high- security Tihar Jail. 
Actress Alia Bhatt has said that the film Udta Punjab was not made with the purpose of winning a National Film Award. " When the film released, it got that appreciation and recognition from the people. It' s not that National awards are not prestigious, but it does not take away the fact ( from) whatever the film has achieved, " added Alia. n
Participating in the ' Pink Coolie Week' , Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao' s daughter Kalvakuntla Kavitha on Monday sold sarees to earn money for the party. She reportedly earned ? 7 lakh by selling sarees in her constituency Nizamabad. Earlier, Rao had asked TRS members to raise money as the party was short of funds for its foundation day celebrations. 
Actress Dia Mirza has said that the media should not have leaked Ranbir' s look as actor Sanjay Dutt from the upcoming biopic on Dutt. She added, " I will admit it was upsetting. . . we wish media had respected the privacy of the film and not revealed the look. " In the film, Dia will be seen playing the role of Maanayata, Dutt' s wife. 
The Viral Fever' s CEO Arunabh Kumar was granted anticipatory bail by Mumbai' s Dindoshi Sessions Court on Monday considering that he has been cooperating with police in their investigation. Kumar has been booked for sexual harassment in two different cases filed by a former employee and another woman. Kumar has been interrogated at least eight times since the cases were registered. 
Veteran actor Amol Palekar has filed a plea in the Supreme Court seeking relaxation in the censorship of films. In his petition, Palekar has claimed that the Board repeatedly violates a filmmakers' fundamental right to speech and expression as nthere' s no member with a legal background on the Board. Further, he called " pre- censorship" of films irrelevant in the internet era. nn
The drivers of cab aggregating startups Ola and Uber are scheduled to go on a one- day strike in Delhi on Tuesday. The kaali- peeli taxi operators have joined hands with rivals Ola and Uber for the strike. The drivers claim that nothing has changed since their February protest and they are barely earning enough to eat and pay their car EMIs. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has reacted to his party colleague Kumar Vishwas' video, which had slammed the AAP government, saying that it is a must watch. In the video, Vishwas said, " If you form government in Delhi on an anti- corruption plank and fall silent when some of your own come under scanner, people have the right to question you. " 
Brazilian football club Chapecoense won their first title since their squad was involved in a tragic plane crash in November 2016 that killed 71 people. Chapecoense defeated Joinville 2- 0 to clinch the Sandro Pallaoro Cup. As many as 19 Chapecoense players and most of the club' s staff had died when their chartered plane crashed into a hillside in Colombia. 
Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Sunday alleged that the Central government was creating an atmosphere of war with Pakistan to win the 2019 General elections. " BJP government is not fulfilling the promises it made to the people. So, there is no alternative left. . . to win the election, " he said. Singh had earlier accused BJP of " stealing" people' s mandate in Goa. 
The current rating of Snapchat' s iOS app has dropped to mere one star over Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel' s alleged remark of India being a " poor" country made in 2015. Several Indians are said to have uninstalled the app and many have given a one- star rating to the app with negative reviews. Snapchat' s Android app rating has fallen to 3. 9 stars. 
Actor Vivek Oberoi has revealed that he lived in slums and used public toilets to get a role in the 2002 film ' Company' as director Ram Gopal Varma found him too good- looking for the part. He added, " When I finally met him, I. . . kept my legs on his desk, and said, ' Ey yeh thobda kya dekh raha hai' . That convinced him. " 
Singer Kimberly Wyatt, who was a member of American girl group ' The Pussycat Dolls' , has revealed that the girls were made to look like anorexic aliens by record label executives. " I was so conscious of my weight while in Pussycat Dolls. Record producers constantly watched us to make sure we were not putting on weight, " she added. 
SS Rajamouli, director of film franchise ' Baahubali' , has revealed that actor Aamir Khan is interested in doing his film based on the epic ' Mahabharata' . Earlier, Aamir had said that he would love to play the role of Krishna if he is cast in the project. The film will reportedly be made on a budget of ? 400 crore. 
The Telangana Cabinet on Saturday cleared Telangana State Reservation Bill 2017 that provides 12% reservation to Muslims and 10% reservation to Scheduled Tribes, depending on their population in the state. The existing reservation for Muslims is 4% and for Scheduled Tribes is 6% . The matter requires approval from the Centre, said CM K Chandrasekhar Rao. 
Security has been beefed up at Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai airports after the intelligence agencies reportedly received a tip that terrorists might attempt to hijack aircraft. As per reports, a woman had informed the agencies that she overheard six boys discussing a plan to hijack planes from these airports on Sunday. She also said that 23 people are involved. 
The Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation has revealed that over one crore households in urban India do not have bathrooms. " Nearly 1 crore or about 13% of the total households in urban areas do not have latrine facility ? neither access to public latrine nor do they have toilets within their premises, " said the Ministry. 
Actress Swara Bhaskar has said that she still looks at herself as an outsider in Bollywood. She added, " It is not easy for anyone to make a mark in this industry. I struggle each day to do the work that I am doing. " Swara further said that according to her, she has not yet made her mark in Bollywood. 
Days before civic polls in Delhi, the BJP on Saturday expelled 21 members for six years allegedly for anti- party activities. The expelled members include five sitting councillors, out which four are contesting the civic polls against the party' s official candidates. Notably, the BJP has decided not to give tickets to all its sitting councillors in the three corporations. 
Ahead of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) polls, the AAP has released a booklet titled ' MCD: Most Corrupt Department' to slam the BJP' s work. The booklet accuses the BJP- ruled MCD of corruption, having ghost employees, pension scam, misgovernance, and having a dearth of funds. Delhi' s civic body polls are scheduled to be held on April 23. 
Former Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said, " I am ready for alliance against BJP' s propaganda. I will duly perform my role in the alliance. " His remark comes a day after BSP chief Mayawati proposed the idea of the anti- BJP alliance for the 2019 general elections on the occasion of 126th birth anniversary of Dr BR Ambedkar on Friday. 
A pornographic video was played on an LED screen installed at Delhi Metro' s Rajiv Chowk station, according to footage recently surfaced online. The incident happened on April 9 wherein the video lasted for nearly a minute. Claiming that the screen was under commissioning and testing by a private contractor, the Delhi Metro has initiated a probe into the matter. 
Juvenile Justice Board on Saturday ordered the Delhi government to issue a notification to ban the sale of whiteners, thinners and vulcanised solutions to children below the age of 18 years to check drug abuse. The board further asked the government to assign one de- addiction centre per district, observing that the existing centres in the national capital region are overcrowded. 
Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg has said that the social media platform' s CEO Mark Zuckerberg is the reason she is still " walking" after the death of her husband in 2015. " When I felt so overwhelmed and so isolated and just needed to cry, I would grab him into his conference room and he would just sit there with me, " she added. n
Tata Sons Chairman N Chandrasekaran has said IT major TCS is committed to encourage millions of children across the globe to pursue careers in science and technology. Chandrasekaran said Tata Group wants to be associated with making contributions to advancement of technologies in every way that it can help. Notably, before being appointed as Tata Sons chairman, Chandrasekaran headed TCS. 
A Bhopal- bound Jet Airways flight at Mumbai Airport was forced to return to bay after passengers started protesting over its non- functional air conditioning system. The 1. 5- hour flight, carrying 130 passengers, had proceeded to the runway and was about to take- off when passengers reportedly stood up to protest. The flight took off after the technical team fixed the issue. 
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekhar Rao' s son KT Rama Rao earned ? 7. 30 lakh in a couple of hours by selling ice- cream and fruit juice on Friday. This comes after the CM asked party leaders and workers to work as a labourer for two days to raise money to hold a meeting to mark the 16th anniversary of TRS foundation day. 
According to reports, actor Shahid Kapoor wanted to be called a ' superstar' and not a ' star' by a magazine for which he did a photoshoot. Shahid reportedly said if the magazine team did not want to make the change, he wanted the entire story removed. The team made the change but later altered the title following the release of ' Rangoon' . 
Kolkata Knight Riders' West Indian all- rounder Andre Russell is planning to enter Bollywood as a singer and actor. " I will be launching my first international music video with main focus in India this year and then maybe explore acting in Bollywood films" , said Russell. Russell' s teammate Dwayne Bravo had come out with songs like " Champion" and " Jaegerbomb" . 
BVB Dortmund' s defender Marc Bartra revealed in an Instagram post that Tuesday' s attack on the team bus, which left him with an arm injury, were the longest and hardest 15 minutes of his life. Three explosions had gone off as the Dortmund team bus made its way to the stadium shortly before their Champions League clash with AS Monaco. 
Users of Google' s Pixel smartphones have complained that the latest Android Nougat update has caused the fingerprint sensors on some devices to ' brick' or stop working. Some Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X owners have also reported the same issue. The 7. 1. 2 update was meant to fix bugs such as early shutdown, audio cracking and pink bands on the camera screen. 
An employer has the sole right, not a court, to decide whether a probationary employee' s work was satisfactory or not, the Delhi High Court has said. The court ruled this while upholding the termination of services of a teacher by a private school in the national capital. The teacher' s services were terminated in 2014 over his unsatisfactory performance. 
Israeli researchers have successfully tested a technology using fluorescent bacteria and lasers that offer a safer way to detect buried landmines. Researchers estimate that around 100 million landmines left from previous conflicts, scattered in 70 countries injure up to 20, 000 people a year. The mines release vapours, smelling which the sprayed bacteria glow and get detected by lasers. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Friday announced his government would set up a Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes after MCD polls. " We' ll bring a law to form a Commission for SC and ST in order to provide justice to the people of these communities, " he said. Notably, there are over 20 lakh Dalits and Scheduled Castes in Delhi. 
President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday said India should aspire to become a global powerhouse not just in terms of GDP but also in terms of Gross National Happiness ( GNH) . " Along with GDP, GNH is considered as one of the important factors of development, " Mukherjee added. " 600 million youth are entering the job market, but their employability is not adequate, " Mukherjee said. 
Bengaluru Police on Friday recovered old demonetised notes worth ? 40 crore from the residence of a former corporator, who has been identified as V Nagraj. The house of the accused was raided after the police received a tip- off about the cash. Nagraj, who also contested elections in 2004, was reportedly involved in a kidnapping case in the past. 
Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said that the Centre has issued an advisory to restaurants asking them to stop imposing service charge as it is not a tax, only a tip. The government had earlier asked all hotels and restaurants to display notices that ' service charges are voluntary' , allowing consumers dissatisfied with services to choose not to pay for it. 
Several women are taking to Instagram to post pictures of ' feather eyebrows' , which involves separating the eyebrow hair so that there is a parting running through the middle of the brow. The trend was reportedly started by Finnish makeup artist Stella Sironen. She wrote in a post that she had started the trend as a ' joke' . n
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday launched BHIM- Aadhaar platform, the merchant interface of the BHIM App, that will allow people to make payments through the fingerprint scanner. The service will use Aadhaar numbers linked to bank accounts, and payments will be finalised only after customers keep their finger on the merchant' s biometric machine connected to the app through a smartphone. 
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput' s fitness trainer Samee Ahmed shared a picture of his physical transformation on Instagram. " Sleep for 5 hours, train insane for 2 hours, long hectic 14- 15 hours of shooting followed by IPL dance rehearsal for 2 hours, " wrote Samee while describing Sushant' s routine. He further revealed that Sushant underwent fitness training for 8 weeks for the physique. 
Delhi Police has busted a module that sold information including bank account details and card details of over 1 crore people. Police have arrested an accused in the case, who allegedly sold this data at about 20 paisa per individual. The data was sold to fake call centres, which would use it to obtain victims' one- time passwords to steal money. 
Actress- comedienne Upasana Singh will feature in The Kapil Sharma Show ( TKSS) in the role of the host' s ' Mausi' . Upasana was part of Kapil' s earlier show Comedy Nights with Kapil on Colors channel but she decided not to join Kapil' s new show after he left the channel. However, after her fallout with another show, she appeared in a few TKSS episodes. 
Activist Anna Hazare has urged PM Narendra Modi not to amend the RTI Act, threatening to launch a public protest if it is amended. " Bringing changes in the RTI Act, which people have got after years of agitations, is like damaging their fundamental right, " he said. Hazare also opposed the proposed limit of 500 words for an RTI application. 
Countering the claims that farmers commit suicide due to their drinking habits, independent MLA from Maharashtra, Bacchu Kadu, on Friday asked that actor " Hema Malini drinks heavily daily, does she commit suicide" . It is absolutely incorrect to say that farmers commit suicide due to drinking as even 75% of MLAs drink, journalists drink, he added. 
Former JNU Students Union President Kanhaiya Kumar said, " Such is the environment of fear in India now, that if you do not use Patanjali face wash, then you will be called anti- national. " Kanhaiya further said that various sections of society, including intellectuals, are living in fear. " If you demand reduction in fee, you will be labelled as anti- national, " he added. 
Bombay High Court senior lawyer Yug Chaudhry has written a petition addressed to the President of Pakistan seeking mercy for former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav who has been awarded death sentence for allegedly spying. Chaudhry filed a similar petition in October 2012 seeking mercy for Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab who was awarded capital punishment by various courts of India. 
Pink' s co- producer Shoojit Sircar, while talking about the film winning the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues, said, " It still disturbs me when I watch my own film, so no celebrations. " He added, " This film is to introspect, this film is not to celebrate. " The film revolves around the issue of sexual harassment and consent. 
Actor Ranbir Kapoor has said that actress Alia Bhatt is the Amitabh Bachchan of Bollywood in the present times. Ranbir said this at the Lokmat Maharashtrian of the Year Awards ceremony, where he along with Alia were awarded Outstanding Entertainer of the Year. Further, Ranbir named the 2014 film ' Highway' as Alia' s most impressive film according to him. n
' Begum Jaan' , starring Vidya Balan, will not be allowed to release in Pakistan over the country' s policy of not permitting the import of films which deal with the issue of partition. The film' s producer Mukesh Bhatt said he requested the censor board of Pakistan to at least view the film and take a decision but has not heard from them. 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday tweeted that the people of Israel were eagerly waiting for PM Narendra Modi' s historic visit. He also thanked PM Modi for his greetings on the Jewish holiday of Passover on Tuesday. Notably, Israeli President Reuven Rivlin had visited India in November last year, setting the stage for PM Modi' s visit this year. 
The Danish Agriculture and Food Council has announced the relaunch of a project that recycles urine to make beer. The plan aims to collect urine from special urinals and storage tanks at a music festival called Roskilde, which will be used to fertilise malting barley. Suggestions for the name of the beer include ' pilsner' , ' yellow ale' and ' pale piss' . 
The driver of a local train in Bihar reportedly went missing for about two hours on Monday to take a shower. The driver, MK Singh, did not return even after an announcement was made on the panel address system. A probe has been ordered into the incident, which took place at Buxar railway station. 
A picture of actor Salman Khan with Austrian actress and Playboy model Ronja Forcher has surfaced online. Ronja will reportedly play a cameo role in Salman' s upcoming film ' Tiger Zinda Hai' , which is scheduled to release on December 22. Ronja has featured on the cover of the April edition of Playboy Germany magazine. 
To transform India' s economy, it is essential for the younger generation to be daring and that India is integrated with the global economy, Infosys Co- founder Narayana Murthy has said. Further, he said there is a need to reduce " friction" in businesses and create an " environment" wherein the government has more trust in its entrepreneurs. 
Malayalam actor Munshi Venu on Thursday passed away at the age of 63 due to kidney failure in Thrissur, Kerala. He was reportedly undergoing dialysis since last year. The actor has featured in over 60 Malayalam films. He is known for his performance in films like ' Pachakuthira' ( 2006) , ' Salt ' n' Pepper' ( 2011) , ' Kanyaka Talkies' ( 2013) , among others. 
A Dutch game show was slammed by people for an episode which had an all- male panel ' guess' whether a woman was pregnant or fat. " For everyone thinking The Netherlands is great. We reached a new low yesterday night, " tweeted a user. Reportedly, one of its episodes had a segment where contestants guessed if a man was Chinese or Japanese. n
With the latest reshuffle of 19 IAS officers in Haryana, senior bureaucrat Pradeep Kasni was transferred for a record 68th time in his 33 years of service. The IAS officer faced as many as three transfers within a period of one month during September 2016. He was transferred 13 times under the present BJP government during the last 2. 5 years. 
Reacting to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal' s remarks against the use of EVMs, BJP Delhi unit chief Manoj Tiwari said, " Kejriwal wants EVMs to work like Manish Sisodia does for him. " He also took to Twitter to say, " Few people sit in someone' s lap for power, and later celebrate happiness on their defeat! Jaago Voter Jaago. " 
The Jallianwala Bagh massacre took place in Amritsar on April 13, 1919, wherein thousands of people in a public protest meeting were fired upon under the command of Brigadier- General Dyer. While British officials declared 379 deaths in the massacre, the Indian National Congress estimated over 1, 000 deaths. Dyer stated that the firing was to ' punish the Indians for disobedience' . 
American model Gigi Hadid, who is set to visit Mumbai on April 27, will meet actress Sonam Kapoor during her visit. " I am excited to welcome Gigi in India, " Sonam was quoted as saying. Earlier, it was reported that Hadid will attend singer Justin Bieber' s concert in India along with boyfriend Zayn Malik. 
Ex- Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav, who has been sentenced to death in Pakistan for spying, has two options to challenge the country' s Field General Court Martial verdict. He can appeal to the Pakistan' s Military Appellate Tribunal or appeal in a civilian court for a review of the judgment. Earlier, Pakistan Defence Minister said Jadhav had 60 days to appeal. 
The Election Commission on Wednesday introduced an " open challenge" for people to hack electronic voting machines, starting May first week. This comes after opposition parties urged the poll panel to revert to the paper ballot system while alleging that EVMs were tampered with in elections. The challenge will be open for around 10 days and will have various levels. 
The Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) has denied reports that its Class 12 textbook suggested that 36- 24- 36 was the ideal female body shape. " CBSE does not recommend books by any private publishers to the affiliate schools, " the board stated. The book referred to in the media reports is titled ' Health and Physical Education' , published by New Saraswati House. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan has said that currently his children Suhana and Aryan are not thinking of joining films as actors. Talking about Suhana, SRK said, " I think she is a great actor. She really likes it. If the passion is retained in the next two- three years, come and act. " He also joked that his youngest son AbRam is already acting. 
The National Green Tribunal- appointed committee of experts has found Sri Sri Ravi Shankar' s Art of Living ( AoL) responsible for destroying Yamuna floodplains, where its World Culture Festival was hosted last year. Further, the panel found that the rehabilitation of the floodplains destroyed by the event will take 10 years and cost over ? 13 crore. 
A Delhi court has issued an open- ended non- bailable warrant against Vijay Mallya in connection with a 1995 FERA violation case. The ED alleged Mallya violated provisions of FERA in arranging funds to advertise his liquor products abroad. Mallya had reportedly paid ? 1. 3 crore to a UK firm for displaying the Kingfisher logo in Formula One World Championships without RBI approval. 
Arpita Khan has shared a childhood picture of herself with her brother actor Salman Khan on the photo- sharing app Instagram, where she is seen hugging him. Sohail Khan can also be spotted in the picture. Arpita is the adopted daughter of Salim Khan and Salma Khan and the biological daughter of a homeless woman who died on a Mumbai footpath. 
Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju has informed the Parliament that there is no proposal with the Central government to build a wall along Pakistan border. In another statement, the Union Home Ministry said that approximately 250 km of India- Pakistan border has not been fenced primarily due to riverines, ditches and marshy terrain, and pending land acquisition. 
A former senior executive at online media startup ScoopWhoop has filed FIR against Co- founder Suparn Pandey accusing him of sexual harassment and assault. The complainant accused Pandey of making inappropriate remarks, sending her a lewd video, being uncomfortably close and publicly commenting on her sexuality. She also accused other Co- founders of abetting harassment and trying to conceal it. 
Former Infosys director Mohandas Pai has said the tightening of the US H- 1B visa rules is a " blessing in disguise" for Indian IT firms. " I do not think they need to be scared or anything, " he stated. The new regulations would play to Indian IT companies' strength because they have been reducing the number of H1- B visas since 2014, Pai added. 
After Reliance Jio announced a new offer following TRAI' s directive to withdraw its Summer Surprise offer, Airtel said, " It violates the spirit of the TRAI directive. " " We are surprised to see what Jio is doing. . . This is a classic example of old wine in new bottle, " Airtel said. The industry is in a " weak" position and " continues to bleed" , it added. 
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput was spotted taking his rumoured girlfriend Kriti Sanon on a ride in Mumbai in his new car. The actor has bought himself a blue- coloured luxury sports saloon, Maserati Quattroporte, which has a starting price of ? 1. 5 crore. Sushant and Kriti will be seen together in the upcoming film ' Raabta' . 
The country has about 137 police personnel to secure every one lakh people, the government told Parliament on Tuesday. As on January 1, 2016, this figure stood at 180 police personnel for every one lakh people. A total of 298 VIPs and VVIPs are being provided central security cover under various categories, the government added. 
A Physical Education textbook for CBSE Class 12 students says that ' 36- 24- 36' figure is the best body shape for females. Published by New Saraswati House, the book further states that this is the reason why such type of shape is taken into consideration in beauty pageants. The book added that the ' V' body shape is considered the best for males. 
Reducing a man' s life sentence to 10 years imprisonment in a case wherein he had set his wife on fire, the Bombay High Court said that " he only wanted to inflict burns and not kill her" . The court also took note of the man' s attempts to save his wife by throwing water on her and rushing her to a hospital. 
Indian painter Jamini Roy, born in West Bengal, is known as one of India' s leading modern artists of the 20th century. Roy, who reportedly made about 20, 000 paintings, was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1954. Google Doodle honoured Jamini Roy on Tuesday with a doodle inspired by his ' Black Horse' painting, on the occasion of his 130th birth anniversary. 
United Arab Emirates- based firm Alpha Paint has issued a termination order against an Indian employee for sending sexually explicit and abusive messages to journalist Rana Ayyub on Facebook. The firm apologised to Ayyub, after a probe against the man proved that the allegations were true. The man' s visa was cancelled and a deportation order has also been issued. 
Karnataka Water Resources Minister MB Patil has said that the state has just enough water for drinking purposes till June 15. Patil also urged the people of Karnataka to use water judiciously. The state has been reeling under a severe drought for the past three years and available live storage in the state' s reservoirs has reached an all- time low. 
Lucknow held its first LGBTIQA Pride Parade on Sunday, which saw the participation of nearly 300 people. The organiser of the parade said that many family members also joined the parade in support. People from different cities including Mumbai, Kolkata, Chandigarh and Jaipur were also a part of the parade. 
After announcing to have raised $ 1. 4 billion in India' s largest funding round and acquisition of eBay' s India operations, Flipkart Co- founder Binny Bansal in an e- mail to employees said, " The business must grow with careful considerations to costs' ' . Stating that the online retail market has a potential of $ 100 billion, Bansal said Flipkart has just scratched the market' s surface so far. 
The SSJ International Hotel in Lucknow has introduced a new vegetarian menu inspired by Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, which includes saffron and orange- coloured dishes like paneer tikka and pineapple tarts. Its owner, Surendra Kumar Jaiswal said the " new menu reflects the combination of different flavours, yet these bear the hallmark of simplicity just like the Chief Minister. " 
US President Donald Trump has reportedly encouraged the nation' s bid to jointly host the 2026 Football World Cup along with Canada and Mexico. The bidding process is expected to begin later this year and is expected to be finalised by 2020. Sixty of the 80 matches would be hosted in the US, while Mexico and Canada would host 10 each. 
A golgappa seller in outer Delhi' s Mangolpuri area was killed on Sunday by five people who stabbed him 18 times after he refused to serve them. The police have held all the five accused, including two juveniles, and said that they have confessed to the crime. The accused told the police that they were drunk and got enraged over refusal. 
China has demoted Communist party official Jelil Matniyaz in the Uygur Muslim majority- Xinjiang province for not " daring" to smoke in front of local religious leaders, said a notice posted online. An official added, " his behaviour of not daring to smoke conforms with extreme religious thought. . . As a party chief, he should lead the fight against extreme religious thought. " 
An Assam court has issued an arrest warrant against Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal after he failed to appear before it in connection with a defamation case concerning his tweet on Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The case is related to Kejriwal' s tweet that said, " Modi has studied up to class 12. His degrees after that are fake. " 
The Border Security Force ( BSF) has seized fake ? 2, 000 notes worth ? 6. 96 lakh from the Indo- Bangladesh border at Kaliachak in Malda district. This comes after the BSF conducted a raid after receiving intelligence inputs about the movement of the consignment from across the border in Bangladesh into India. The notes were reportedly thrown into Indian territory from the other side. 
The 14th Dalai Lama said that historically the Indians and Tibetans have had a long, enduring relationship as teachers ( gurus) and disciples ( chelas) . " We are not only chelas but quite reliable chelas, " he added. The Dalai Lama, who was on a nine- day visit to Arunachal Pradesh, has traveled to the Indian state on six earlier occasions since 1983. 
Actor Shah Rukh Khan has said that he wanted to produce a film featuring actor Akshay Kumar, but the story and other details of the project could not be worked out. He added, " It should have been done a long time back. " Shah Rukh further said it is very good that Salman Khan and Karan Johar are producing an upcoming film starring Akshay. 
A BJP candidate for the upcoming MCD polls in Delhi Sunita Kaushik, touted as a slum dweller and the face of the city' s urban poor, turned out to be a crorepati. In her election affidavit, Kaushik reported assets worth over ? 1 crore, including two residential houses. AAP spokesperson Dilip Pandey termed BJP' s support for the poor " hypocrisy" and " fake" . 
Pakistan is planning to export donkeys to China under its Donkey Development Programme, in a bid to attract Chinese investors in Pakistan' s Khyber- Pakhtunkhwa province. Pakistan is also aiming at increasing donkeys' population in its province as the animal is highly valued in China for its hide which is used to manufacture medicines. 
The students of a government school in Rajasthan' s Bharatpur district are made to clean and mop their classrooms and corridors regularly due to the shortage of sweepers. Reportedly, there are 132 vacant posts of grade four type employees in 232 schools in four divisions of the district and the education department provides ? 500 to every school facing crunch of sweepers. 
Actor Salman Khan has said that he would never be able to write about his life in an autobiography. He added, " I think it is the bravest thing for anyone to write their autobiography. " Salman said this at the book launch of veteran actress Asha Parekh' s autobiography titled ' The Hit Girl! ' 
As per reports, comedian Sunil Grover has been offered to host a new comedy show by Sony TV, the channel which also airs ' The Kapil Sharma Show' . Ali Asgar, Sugandha Mishra and Chandan Prabhakar, who previously featured on Kapil' s show will reportedly be a part of the new show. Sunil' s show will reportedly be aired from June. 
The entry of schools' management committee members within 200 metres of an examination centre has been banned to check cheating by students in Uttar Pradesh, Deputy CM Dinesh Sharma said on Tuesday. Running of schools at least 220 days in a year has also been made mandatory. Furthermore, sale of stationery and clothes in private schools has also been banned. 
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation will launch a housing scheme in May with 2BHK and 3BHK flats in Janakpuri and Okhla, Delhi. The flats, set to cost between ? 60 lakh and ? 1. 20 crore, will be delivered within two years, a senior official said. The DMRC will also build a commercial complex near Jantar Mantar to rent out space for offices. 
Vipin Khadse, a final year MBBS student, helped a woman give birth on a moving train in Maharashtra. The 24- year- old used WhatsApp to seek instructions from his seniors and even revived the newborn who had not been breathing. The relatives of the patient gave Khadse ? 101 to thank him for the delivery. 
Referring to the DRS controversy in the recently concluded India- Australia series, PM Narendra Modi said to his Australian counterpart Malcolm Turnbull that he is glad that the decisions taken between them are not subject to DRS review. " I hope your visit to India is as productive as it has been for Steven Smith' s batting, the other Australian captain, " added Modi. 
Indian national Kulbhushan Jadhav, who was awarded the death sentence by Pakistan on Monday, has been recognised by the Indian government as a former naval officer. Jadhav joined the Indian National Defence Academy in 1987 and the Indian Navy in 1991. Jadhav reportedly became a businessman after taking retirement from the Navy and travelled across the world. 
A petition has been filed against Navjot Singh Sidhu for his alleged obscene jokes on ' The Kapil Sharma Show' . The complainant, who is a lawyer, claimed his " conscience was offended while viewing the show along with wife and daughters" . Earlier, the lawyer challenged Sidhu' s appearance on the show, claiming that a public servant cannot be allowed to do private business. n
The first rail freight service from UK to China will depart on its 7, 500- mile journey on Monday. The train stocked with British goods will pass through seven countries including Germany and Russia over a span of 17 days. The service is a part of China' s One Belt, One Road programme of reviving the Silk Road trading routes with the West. 
The Pakistani Army on Monday announced the country has given death sentence to former Indian Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav, who was arrested in March 2016 on charges of spying. The statement of Jadhav' s sentence issued by Pakistan' s Inter- Services Public Relations described him as " a Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW) agent who was arrested during Counter Intelligence Operation from Balochistan" . 
Tamil Nadu farmers on Monday ran naked near PM Narendra Modi' s office, demanding ? 39, 000 crore drought relief fund from the Centre. Reportedly, this comes after they were promised an appointment with Modi but were not allowed to meet him later. These farmers have been sitting on protest since almost a month, holding skulls in hands and live mice in mouths. 
Users of telecom majors Airtel, Vodafone, and Idea filed the maximum billing complaints in the December quarter, according to TRAI. In terms of quality parameters, TRAI found the performance of Aircel below par for call drops in most telecom circles. The telecom regulator has set a penalty of up to ? 2 lakh for poor mobile service, including call drops. 
As per reports, actress Kim Sharma, who debuted with the 2000 film ' Mohabbatein' , has gone bankrupt after she separated from her husband Ali Punjani, a Kenya- based businessman. She quit her job as the CEO of Punjani' s chain of hotels and is ncurrently trying to establish her business in Mumbai. According to a source, Punjani is currently dating another woman. 
Following Mahesh Bhupathi leaking a Whatsapp conversation between him and Leander Paes, the latter has said Bhupathi' s conduct is " unbecoming of a Davis Cup captain" . " I can give a detailed rebuttal pointing out how one- sided and convoluted his arguments are. Fans just have to examine who won what for our country. Talk is cheap, history books do not lie, " he said. 
Congress MP and former Union Minister Shashi Tharoor has categorically denied the rumours of him joining BJP. " For 40+ years I have spoken and written in defence of a pluralist India with equal rights. . . On this, no compromise, " he said. This comes after CPI( M) leader Kodiyeri Balakrishnan said four Congress leaders, including Tharoor, were planning to join BJP. 
The Pakistan Maritime Security Agency ( PMSA) has arrested 18 Indian fishermen and seized three boats near the International Maritime Border Line off the Gujarat coast, an official said on Sunday. This is the first such incident in April while 231 Indian fishermen were arrested and 40 boats seized by Pakistan authorities in March, the official added. 
The Assam government' s draft population policy proposes that people with more than two children should be denied government jobs. The two- child norm would also be applicable for all candidates in elections conducted by the state election commission. The draft also proposed that all girls in the state be given free education up to university level. 
British singer Adele' s 2011 album ' 21' has broken the record, held by Carole King for ' Tapestry' , to become the longest- charting album by a woman on Billboard 200, a music- record ranking in the US. Presently, the album is on its 319th week on the list, beating King' s album by one week. The album was also ranked the top Billboard 200 album. 
The Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI) has blacklisted or suspended around 1, 000 operators while FIRs have been filed against 20 individuals in the last three months for malpractices such as overcharging for Aadhaar enrolment. A ? 10, 000 penalty has also been imposed on these erring operators. Earlier, UIDAI had blacklisted an agency for leaking Aadhaar details of cricketer MS Dhoni. 
Filmmaker- actor Farhan Akhtar on Twitter shared a picture with actor Aditya Roy Kapur which was captioned, " And that, as they say, is that. . RIP rumours. # lastnight # chilltimes. " This comes after it was recently reported that the two got into a verbal spat as Farhan got upset over Aditya bonding with Shraddha Kapoor. Shraddha and Farhan are rumoured to be dating. 
AR Murugadoss, director of 2008 film ' Ghajini' on Twitter slammed the 64th National Awards' jury for being biased. After the awards were announced, numerous Twitter users questioned why the best actor National Award was given to Akshay Kumar and not Aamir Khan. Meanwhile, filmmaker Hansal Mehta also expressed disappointment at his film ' Aligarh' not receiving any recognition. 
There is a natural mud spa in a volcano situated in Colombia. The mud spa can be accessed by climbing the 50- foot tall volcano by a staircase. Tourists also have the option of being treated to personal mud massages by attendants. It is then followed by a bath in a nearby lagoon to rinse off. 
The Taapsee Pannu starrer ' Naam Shabana' has been banned in Pakistan a day after its release. According to sources, authorities felt that the film' s theme of terrorism could reflect badly on Pakistan, which is why the film was withdrawn from theatres. Earlier this year, Pakistan had lifted the ban on screening Indian films. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Saturday said that everyone should sing Vande Mataram and not singing the National Song was a matter of serious concern. Not singing Vande Mataram shows a prejudiced mind, Adityanath further added. However, he asserted that in the 21st century, the issue of ' not singing Vande Mataram' should not be the most discussed topic. 
YouTuber Lilly Singh, also known as Superwoman, took to Twitter to reveal that she has been facing difficulties in acquiring her Indian visa. In a series of tweets, she tagged PM Narendra Modi and Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj. She further said that she had applied for a one year visa but was only granted one for three months. 
A bar in Kerala has built a maze around its premises to beat the Supreme Court- ordered ban on the sale of liquor within 500 metres of any National Highway. The maze will increase the motorable distance to reach the bar, and thus it would not fall within the prescribed 500- metre distance. The construction of the maze reportedly cost ? 2 lakh. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said the cancellation of AAP' s office allotment was part of a larger design to " finish" the party, adding that Aam Aadmi Party was ready to operate from the " streets" . The office allotment to AAP by the Kejriwal government was cancelled by Lieutenant Governor after the Shunglu Committee pointed out ' irregularities' in the allotment. 
Gujarat Congress President Bharatsinh Solanki has said that if the party is voted to power, it will waive off the loans of all the farmers in the state. This comes after BJP ruled state Uttar Pradesh waived off farmers' loans and other states including Maharashtra announced that they are considering to do the same soon. 
Actor Shahid Kapoor' s half- brother Ishaan Khattar took to social media to share pictures from his upcoming debut film ' Beyond The Clouds' . The film, directed by Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi, will also star actress Malavika Mohanan, who will reportedly play Ishaan' s sister. ' Beyond The Clouds' is said to be centred around a brother- sister relationship. 
Chairperson of National Film Awards jury Priyadarshan has asked why people are questioning Akshay Kumar' s National Award win. He added, " When Ramesh Sippy was jury head Amitabh Bachchan won. When Prakash Jha was jury head, Ajay Devgn won. No one questioned them. " This comes after numerous social media users attributed Akshay' s win to his friendly equation with Priyadarshan. 
A day after Air India lifted the ban on Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad, the Federation of Indian Airlines also revoked its ban on the legislator. Reinstating his flying privileges, the FIA, however, said its colleagues must be treated with the respect that they deserve. Notably, the ban was imposed after Gaikwad repeatedly thrashed an Air India staffer. 
Actor Rajinikanth has cancelled an upcoming meeting with his fans in Chennai, stating that it would be difficult to take individual pictures with each of his fans during the meet. He added, " We planned for group photographs. . . ( but) fans expressed disappointment with that idea. " The five- day meet, scheduled from April 12 to 16, was planned for four districts. nnn
Actor Ajay Devgn, producer of the film ' Shivaay' which won the National Award for Best Special Effect, has said that he is not at all surprised by the win. He added, " I' m thankful to the honourable jury. . . This indeed is a well- deserved win. " Starring Ajay Devgn, the film is about a mountaineer and what happens when his daughter is kidnapped. 
Accusing technology major Google of underpaying women, the US Department of Labor said that " discrimination against women in Google is quite extreme" . The government department also alleged that Google violated employment laws in relation to salaries for its female employees. Earlier this month, Google had claimed to have closed the gender pay gap globally. 
A 19- year- old German national was stabbed and robbed by two men near Kashmere Gate in Delhi on Friday at around 11 pm when he was returning from Chandni Chowk in a rickshaw. The victim was spotted bleeding by locals who rushed him to a nearby hospital. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has ordered a probe into the matter. 
An SBI- led group of lenders has managed to sell Vijay Mallya' s Kingfisher Villa in Goa, after three failed attempts, to film production company Viiking Media & Entertainment, owned by actor- businessman Sachiin Joshi, reports said. Joshi reportedly paid marginally more than the property' s previous reserve price of ? 73 crore. Notably, Mallya owes over ? 9000 crore to the SBI- led consortium. 
Afghanistan will play a team from Marylebone Cricket Club, led by former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum, at Lord' s on July 11. This will be Afghanistan' s first match at the venue, which is hosting an associate nation for the second time in as many seasons. Afghan players Mohammad Nabi and Hamid Hassan earlier took part in MCC' s Young Cricketers programme. 
UN Secretary General António Guterres has selected Malala Yousafzai as a UN Messenger of Peace, the highest honour bestowed by the UN chief on a global citizen. UN spokesperson Stephane Dujarric on Friday announced that Malala would focus on promoting girls' education worldwide. Malala, also the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner, will be officially designated at a ceremony on Monday. 
Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI) has announced that it has signed a $ 2 billion ( nearly ? 13, 000 crore) contract with India to supply advanced medium- range surface- to- air missile systems. IAI said it was their largest defence contract. IAI added that it would also supply additional long- range air and missile defence systems for the first locally- made Indian aircraft carrier. 
The Delhi High Court has restrained Chinese mobile manufacturer OnePlus from airing its advertisement featuring actor Amitabh Bachchan after a copyright infringement plea by Sony. Sony claimed OnePlus copied their show, Kaun Banega Crorepati' s format in the advertisement. The ad, shot in the show' s format, has Amitabh Bachchan asking a question related to India' s best smartphone to a contestant. 
A picture showing actor Ranveer Singh and former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar' s daughter Sara Tendulkar has surfaced online. Earlier, Ranveer was also spotted with Sachin to promote the latter' s app. Sachin in 2015 had clarified rumours of his daughter joining films while tweeting, " My daughter Sara is enjoying her academic pursuits. Annoyed at all the baseless speculation about her joining films. " 
The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation has issued guidelines to all states, allowing transgenders to use public toilets of the gender of their choice. The circular, also sent to the Swachh Bharat Gramin Mission, calls for the community' s participation in Swachhta drives, and to recruit transgender people to help promote sanitation around the country. 
Actor Akshay Kumar has said that when he got to know about his National Award win, he first thought that it was a late April fool' s joke. He added, " I' ve won this award with honesty. I have never cheated or made a call to anyone to win an award. " Akshay further said better late than never on his win. nn
A woman, who fell from the tallest bridge in USA' s California while taking a selfie and landed 60 feet below on a trail, is expected to survive, the Placer County Sheriff' s office said. The woman suffered several fractured bones and requires surgery. She fell from the 730- feet- tall Foresthill Bridge, the highest in California and among the highest in the US. 
Russia said that the US missile strike on its ally Syria amounted to " aggression against a sovereign nation" and is likely to " damage US- Russia relations, which are already in a poor state. " The US had fired 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles on a Syrian government airbase said to have been used to launch a chemical attack that killed over 100 civilians. 
Reacting to the assault on five men by cow vigilantes in Alwar, VHP leader Surendra Jain has said the Hindu community is angry and the assault was an expression of spontaneous anger. " These people forget the 1857 freedom movement was based on the symbol of cow. Hindus will continue to be furious if their sentiments are hurt, " he added. 
Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath has decided to drop the word ' Samajwadi' from all government schemes and replace it with ' Mukhyamantri' . The former SP regime had implemented a number of projects with the word ' Samajwadi' , including pension and smartphone schemes. Last week, the word ' Samajwadi' was dropped from the state' s ambulance service, after a directive by the State Health Minister. 
TRAI Chairman RS Sharma has said the telecom regulator advised Reliance Jio to stop its complimentary services offer as it was not in accordance with the regulatory framework. TRAI has asked Jio to withdraw its three- month complimentary offer of unlimited data usage and free calls on payment of a minimum ? 303. Jio has said it will fully comply with TRAI' s order. 
Former West Indies cricketer Sir Vivian Richards has spoken against BCCI campaigning to retain its majority revenue share in ICC, saying " every dog has his day" . " We as West Indies during our hay day made a lot of teams make money by going for tours. . . it should be equal because everyone is making a contribution to the international stage, " said Richards. 
Musician AR Rahman has said that he never knew that he was born for music and it was his mother who made the choice as she predicted he would become a music composer. Talking about his Academy Award wins, Rahman added, " It took 81 years for an Asian to win an Oscar in sound. For me, it took fourteen years. " 
The Maharashtra Assembly on Thursday passed a bill to amend the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act to legalise bullock cart races in the state. The amendment is aimed at ensuring the preservation of native breeds of bulls, reports said. Earlier, Tamil Nadu had passed a similar bill to overturn a Supreme Court- ordered ban on the bull- taming sport of Jallikattu. 
Reacting to the Ravindra Gaikwad- Air India controversy, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut has said, " CMD ki kya aukat hai ki social media par ek saansad ka apmaan kar rahe ho? " Raut further said, " It is clearly visible in the clips that the MP was ill- treated. You' re teaching us how to behave properly, first you learn how to do it yourself. " 
Veteran BJP leaders LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi on Thursday agreed to face conspiracy charges in the Babri mosque demolition case if the CBI can produce evidence against them in Raebareli. Earlier, CBI pleaded the Supreme Court to revive the charges against the leaders. Several BJP leaders remain accused of instigating crowds that demolished the Babri mosque in 1992. 
West Indies cricketing legend Viv Richards has called the West Indies' cricket board ' arrogant' and has blamed it for the decline in WI' s cricket. West Indies have failed to qualify for June' s Champions Trophy, where the top eight ODI sides will compete. The team is also at a risk of missing out on an automatic berth for World Cup 2019. 
Veteran actress Asha Parekh has revealed that after the death of her parents, she suffered from depression and had thought about committing suicide. She added, " It was a very bad phase for me. I was totally alone and had to manage everything alone. " Asha further said that she had to take the help of doctors to get out of depression. 
Singer Chris Martin met Ken, a fan suffering from stage IV cancer before performing at a concert in Philippines. Ken could not attend the band' s concert owing to his medical condition. The concert' s organiser came to know about him after his brother wrote a post on Facebook, in which he said Ken had purchased a ticket for the concert. 
Hybrid electric aircraft startup Zunum Aero, founded by Indian- origin entrepreneur Ashish Kumar, has received investments from aerospace companies Boeing and JetBlue. The startup intends to make regional aircrafts with space for 10 to 50 passengers for flights up to 1, 600 km. " Our goal is to be part of a disruptive force rather than the one being disrupted, " said JetBlue. 
The Keibul Lamjao National Park, located in the Loktak Lake in Manipur, India, is known as the only floating national park in the world. The area is characterised by ' phumdis' , a Manipuri word referring to floating mats of soil and vegetation. Among numerous animal species, the park is home to the brow- antlered deer, which is locally known as the ' Sangai' . 
Journalist Aparna Kalra ( 45) was attacked by an unidentified man in a public park while she was on an evening walk on Wednesday. Kalra is critical and is undergoing treatment at Fortis Hospital, where she was admitted with multiple brain injuries. With no eyewitnesses or traces of theft, the police have registered a case of attempt to murder. 
Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi has said that the incident of lynching a Muslim man by ' gau rakshaks' over beef issue has not taken place, as reported by the media. " It is a very sensitive issue. From this, there should be no indication or message that we are supporting such incidents, " he added. 
Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad, banned from flying by major airlines after he assaulted an Air India staffer, reportedly reached Delhi via a chartered flight on Wednesday. The flight is believed to have been provided by Shiv Sena MP Rajkumar Dhoot. Previously, SpiceJet, Air India and IndiGo had cancelled Gaikwad' s tickets and he had travelled to Delhi by road. 
US- based researchers tested a cluster of trees, soil and woody debris to determine whether those three components were sources or sinks of greenhouse gases. Tree trunks were found to emit methane rather than storing it, scientists said, which could counteract absorption of methane by forest soils. However, the mechanism of methane production in forests was not clearly understood. 
The Bengaluru jail is reportedly violating its rules for Sasikala Natarajan, who is serving a four- year term in a disproportionate assets case, by allowing her to meet visitors beyond 5 pm. As per reports, Sasikala has seen 27 visits by various people in the 31 days she has been lodged in the jail, which is also against prison manual. 
Bharti Airtel' s promoter firm Indian Continent Investment has settled an alleged insider trading case by paying ? 2. 17 lakh towards settlement charges to SEBI. The company, which bought Airtel shares between 2007 to 2010, saw its holding cross 5% in April 2008, requiring it to make necessary disclosures. However, it was alleged the promoter company failed to make such disclosures. 
As per reports, Farhan Akhtar and Aditya Roy Kapur got into a verbal spat as Farhan got upset over Aditya bonding with Shraddha Kapoor at a recent event. Shraddha is said to have gone to Farhan' s residence to sort out the issue. While Farhan is reportedly dating Shraddha currently, Aditya is rumoured to be her ex- boyfriend. 
The Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa will not be declared a convict in the disproportionate assets case. The court dismissed Karnataka government' s review petition seeking to declare the deceased AIADMK leader a convict and recover a ? 100- crore fine by selling her properties. Earlier, the court had convicted AIADMK leader Sasikala in the case. 
Reliance Jio will be able to generate revenue of about ? 21, 300 crore for the current financial year, assuming its 7. 2 crore Prime users pay for services between July 2017 and March 2018, ratings agency Moody' s said. Further, Jio' s paid customers are " credit positive" for Reliance Industries, it noted. Jio' s aggressive stance will ensure heightened competition in the sector, it added. 
While the Opposition in India has raised doubts over the reliability of EVMs, Russia has sought India' s EVM technology for 2018 presidential elections, a report has claimed. During the Uttarakhand Assembly polls, Deputy Chairman of the Russian Election Commission, Nikolai Levichev, had visited the state to closely monitor the functioning of EVMs and the electioneering process. 
A plea by Oscar- winning filmmaker Roman Polanski, to end his 40- year- old rape case, has been rejected. Polanski' s lawyers said he was willing to return to the US if he was assured he would not serve more time in jail. The director fled the US in 1978 after pleading guilty to raping a 13- year- old girl. 
State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has said that after the merger with associate banks, the lender has completed a " mass mission" . " I do not think anybody in the world would have attempted. . . a six- way merger of such a magnitude, " she stated. Post- merger, SBI has joined the league of top 50 banks globally in terms of assets. 
Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit has alleged that Delhi Congress President Ajay Maken is running party' s city unit as a " business house" . " The high command should take note of this fact and also that one person is taking all the decisions, " he said. " Though Maken is indulging in condemnable acts, Congress leaders should not quit the party, " he added. n
The Indian Coast Guard has reportedly alerted the police and other intelligence agencies that 3- 4 Islamic State terrorists are trying to enter the city through the sea route. " We are taking all necessary precautions and getting details about the suspects from the information provided to us, " a senior police official reportedly said. 
A Hyderabad man, employed in Saudi Arabia' s Riyadh, announced ' talaq' ( divorce) to his wife in an advertisement published in an Urdu daily on March 4. " If he was unhappy with me, he should have spoken with me once. He married me in front of all and should have divorced in front of all relatives, " said the wife. 
Tamil television actress Nandhini' s husband Karthikeyan allegedly committed suicide at a lodge in Chennai on Monday. Karthikeyan was reportedly found lying unconscious in the room. Initial reports suggested that Karthikeyan blamed his father- in- law in his suicide note but Nandhini alleged that her husband had been taking money from people and threatened to commit suicide when she confronted him. 
A prematurely- born girl child, who was declared dead by a male nurse at a hospital in Rajasthan, ' came back to life' on Tuesday at a crematorium where her body was taken for last rites. The on- duty nurse had declared the newborn dead when he noticed that she was neither crying nor breathing, but she suddenly started crying at the crematorium. 
Despite protests by China, Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama on Tuesday arrived in Arunachal Pradesh and was greeted by chanting of prayers, music, and religious flags. The Nobel Laureate will reach Tawang on April 8 for a three- day stay. The visit is opposed by China which considers Arunachal Pradesh to be a part of southernmost Tibet. 
During the first Cabinet meeting of the new Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday, CM Yogi Adityanath waived farmers' loan of up to ? 1 lakh. The state will spend around ? 36, 000 crore to fund the loan waiver which will benefit around 86 lakh farmers. Loan waiver for farmers was one of the biggest poll promises of the Bharatiya Janata Party. 
US Permanent Representative to the UN Nikki Haley has said President Donald Trump may get involved in a peace process between India and Pakistan. " I would expect that the administration going to be in talks and try and find its place to be part of that ( process) . . . And also would not be surprised if the President participates as well, " Haley stated. 
An art exhibition named ' Cadmium Skies' in Delhi will showcase the works of 26 children that have been inspired by painter Vincent Van Gogh. Recreations of Van Gogh' s famous works such as ' Starry Night' and ' Sunflowers' will be on display. Original creations where the participants have employed Van Gogh' s techniques and not recreated his work will also be displayed. 
Hrithik Roshan, responding to model Angela Krislinzki' s claims of him being a great friend to her, tweeted, " My dear lady, who are you and why are u lying. " In an interview, she claimed that Hrithik' s a " mentor" who has been " supportive and gave her acting tips" . Angela, who is part Polish- part Spanish, earlier featured in an advertisement with Hrithik. nn
Actor Manoj Bajpayee has said that he is a living example of an actor making a career out of flop films. " Success does not teach you anything. Failures, rejections, they make you the man that you are, " he added. Bajpayee further said that his " so- called flop films" have been appreciated the most. 
Wishing Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the occasion of Ramnavami, Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Tejaswi Yadav tweeted, " Respected PM, at least on the auspicious occasion of Ramnavami today, please speak the truth. " He further asked Modi to tell the people as to when he will start implementation of his poll promise of providing jobs to two crore youths every year. 
India' s first transgender Sub- Inspector, K Prithika Yashini, has joined the Tamil Nadu police force after completing her one- year training. Yashini had moved the Madras High Court in 2015 after her application for the post was rejected. The court ordered the authorities to appoint her as an SI and asked for the inclusion of transgenders as a third category. 
A 30- foot- long carcass of a whale was found washed ashore on Odisha' s Puri beach on Monday. It is suspected that the mammal died after being hit by a ship or vessel in the deep sea. " Global warming, climate change, and increased pollution in seawater could be among reasons of death of sea mammals, " a member of coastal protection body said. 
Cyber Hub and the Leela Ambience Hotel in Gurgaon have changed their entrances to ensure an increased motorable distance and circumvent the 500- metre liquor ban near highways, according to reports. Several pubs and bars want to change the entrances to their properties, even as the Excise Department said that the process to measure the motorable distance will begin on Wednesday. 
Ravi Shastri has said the ICC Champions Trophy dilutes the World Cup' s importance. " What do you need Champions Trophy for? Five years down the line, there will be very little 50- over cricket. There are too many ICC tournaments. . . If you ask me about the last 10- 12 World Cups, I will tell you. . . ask me last three Champions Trophies. . . I do not know, " said Shastri. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal has challenged the Election Commission to give them EVM for 72 hours and they will prove how it can be tampered with. While the poll panel has denied the allegations about EVMs tampering, AAP and Congress have demanded that the civic polls in the city must be conducted through paper ballots. 
Actress Parvathy has claimed that casting couch exists in the Malayalam film industry while adding, " I have not faced it ( issue of casting couch) at all in any other industry. " She further said, " There was a time when it was expected of me, people asked me very openly, be it actors or directors. . . That too by seniors in the industry. " 
Samajwadi Party Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav has ruled out the possibility of resolution of Ayodhya temple issue through mutual dialogue. Yadav asserted that a court decision will be obligatory to all and will be accepted with relative ease, whereas more dialogue will only spark further tensions. Yadav also expressed regret over firing on Kar Sevaks in Ayodhya during his tenure. 
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said that a ' Mahagathbandhan' ( Grand Alliance) of non- BJP parties is needed at the national level to defeat the BJP in the 2019 Lok Sabha polls. Urging all the non- BJP parties to set their own agenda, Nitish further said that there is no shortage of leaders or faces for the post of Prime Minister. 
Backing Infosys Co- founder Narayana Murthy' s view on pay hike to COO UB Pravin Rao being " not proper" , company' s ex- director Mohandas Pai has said the salary in this case is " spectacular" but performance is not. Further alleging that the Infosys board was " misguided" , Pai said the " fundamental problem" was the pay hike given earlier to CEO Vishal Sikka " without any justification" . 
Reacting to the recent violence against Africans in India, a group of African envoys said, " India took no action to prevent violence against Africans. It did not properly condemn the Greater Noida attack. " They also termed the attacks against African nationals in India as " xenophobic and racial" and sought an international inquiry into the matter along with demanding strong condemnation. 
Rana Daggubati, while reacting to a leaked picture of him kissing Trisha Krishnan from singer Suchitra Karthik' s Twitter account, said he does not give a shit. " There were many pictures. If mine made news, it probably means I am more popular than others, " he joked. Dhanush, Hansika Motwani' s private images were also leaked from the account, which Suchitra claimed was hacked. 
AK Walia, who was Health Minister in former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit' s Cabinet, has quit the Congress over ticket distribution in the upcoming MCD polls. Walia has alleged the party has sold tickets to the " outsiders" for the polls. " I am pained. I have worked tirelessly for the party for years and now no one listens to me, " he said. 
Indian cargo ship Al Kaushar, which was on its way to Al Mukalla port in Yemen from Dubai and had 11 crew members on board, has reportedly been hijacked by Somali pirates. The crew members on the ship hail from Mumbai' s Mandvi. The captain of the ship had managed to apprise authorities in Dubai and the owner of the vessel. 
Asserting that Romeo loved just one lady, advocate Prashant Bhushan on Sunday called Lord Krishna a ' legendary eve teaser' . He asked Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath if he had the guts to call his ' anti- Romeo squads' as ' anti- Krishna squads' . " We have grown up with legends of young Krishna teasing Gopis. The logic of Romeo squad would criminalise this, " he added. 
An Army jawan carrying two grenades was arrested by the police on Monday at Srinagar airport. The jawan was about to board a flight to Delhi when grenades were found in his luggage. As per reports, the jawan has revealed that a Major in the Army had given him the grenades to hand them over to someone in Delhi. 
The UP government on Sunday approved a ? 47- crore package to ensure immediate availability of drinking water in the parched Bundelkhand region. Bundelkhand was continuously ignored in the last 15 years and no steps had been taken to ensure the holistic development of the region, said UP CM Yogi Adityanath. 
The basic pay of RBI Governor has been retrospectively hiked to ? 2. 5 lakh from ? 90, 000 per month, with effect from January 1, 2016. RBI Governor Urjit Patel, who assumed office in September 2016, will now receive around ? 3. 7 lakh in total per month. The basic pay of RBI Deputy Governors was also increased from ? 80, 000 to ? 2. 25 lakh per month. 
BJP candidate for the upcoming by- election in Malappuram in Kerala, N Sreeprakash, has promised the people that he will ensure the supply of good beef from clean slaughterhouses if he wins the election. He further slammed Congress for banning cow slaughter during its tenure in Kerala. These remarks come amid the crackdown on illegal slaughterhouses in several BJP- ruled states. 
After an Indian woman was allegedly strip- searched at Frankfurt airport in Germany, Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has sought a report from the Indian consul general concerned. The 30- year- old Indian woman, in a Facebook post, wrote that she was asked to strip by security officers as part of ' random security checks' . She alleged that it was a case of racial profiling. 
A man has accused the staff of The Wine Company pub at DLF Cyber Hub, Gurgaon, of beating his friends. He said after sorting out " inconsistencies" in the bill, they were leaving the pub when the manager stopped them due to a " misconception" . The bouncers then beat up his friends and also " broke several bottles on them" , he alleged. 
The government has planned to change security features of ? 2, 000 and ? 500 banknotes every 3- 4 years in accordance with the global standards to keep a check on counterfeiting. The move came after fake currency notes were recovered post demonetisation. The security features in newly introduced notes are same as that of old notes, the MHA officials have said. 
Pakistan' s former Interior minister, Rehman Malik, fell for an April Fools' Day prank when he reacted to a fake news about naming Islamabad' s new airport after Chinese President Xi Jinping. Malik expressed serious reservations over renaming of the airport, which is originally named after Benazir Bhutto. He warned government that his party would take the issue to an extreme level. 
BJP MP Harsh Vardhan has said that for Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, EVM means " Everyone Votes Modiji" , adding the AAP Convenor will soon demand the Election Commission be handed over to Delhi government. His remark came after Kejriwal alleged irregularities in EVMs over some reports that claimed the VVPAT machine dispensed slips of BJP on pressing other buttons on EVM. 
Uday Kotak, Kotak Mahindra Bank' s Managing Director, said there will be strong consolidation in the financial services sector and only five large banks will survive in long- term. " Globally, only three to five large banks dominate. This is how the future will be in our country as well, " he added. He said that SBI will be one of the surviving banks. 
In what is believed to be a first, Karnataka Tourism will organise a surfing festival between May 27- 29. The festival will be held at the Sasithithlu Beach in Mangalore. Along with this, the state' s tourism ministry is also planning to introduce a set of recreational activities which will include skydiving and motorcycle tourism. 
BJP MP from Bihar' s Begusarai, Bhola Singh, on Saturday said that every person living in India is a Hindu irrespective of the faith or religion he or she follows. Further, while calling Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath a " warrior" , he said that the new UP CM has given voice to the country' s rich heritage and culture. 
China will launch a network of 156 minisatellites to facilitate global broadband coverage and commercial space development. The small low- cost satellites would be placed in an orbit 1, 000 km above Earth to form a network to improve internet access. The project plans to send the first satellite before 2018, and all 156 satellites by 2025, Chinese news agency reported. 
Actress Sonakshi Sinha, while reacting to reports of her getting married to rumoured boyfriend Bunty Sajdeh, said, " Let people talk. . . log toh kahenge. . . logon ka kaam hai kehna. " She added that she does not even know what type of guy she would like to get married to. The rumoured couple were recently spotted together at the screening of the Anushka Sharma starrer ' Phillauri' . 
England' s leading Test wicket- taker James Anderson has admitted he would have seriously thought about Test captaincy, following Alastair Cook' s resignation in February. " I do not know if I would have taken the captaincy but it would have been nice to have been considered for it" , the 34- year- old said. He, however, went on to say, " it makes sense for a younger guy to do it" . 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Saturday ordered an investigation into the Gomti riverfront project within 45 days. Adityanath was unhappy that although two years had lapsed, and over ? 1, 427 crore had been spent, only 60% of the work was complete, an official release said. The project was launched to channelise the river by the Akhilesh Yadav government. 
The Bombay High Court has put a stay on the release of Raveena Tandon' s film ' Maatr' . This comes after a private financial institution petitioned against the film' s producer Anjum Rizvi. The institution has claimed that Rizvi owes it an amount of ? 2 crore. It had reportedly given the loan to Rizvi in 2014 for a film which never released. 
The Yogi Adityanath government in Uttar Pradesh has decided to roll back all the ration cards bearing photographs of former Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav. The new UP government will not distribute around 60 lakh ration cards printed by the previous regime. The ration cards could not be distributed earlier as Model Code of Conduct came into force before the elections. 
Protesting against the sharp increase in third- party insurance premium, goods vehicle owners across states started an indefinite strike from Saturday. " The fight for justice by truckers of India will continue till IRDAI reverses its proposal to third party insurance premium hike, " a truck operator' s association said. The strike is likely to disrupt the supplies of commodities. 
World football governing body, FIFA has submitted a 1, 300- page report about the corruption in FIFA to the Swiss authorities investigating the body for high- level corruption and criminal misconduct. The report is a result of FIFA' s 22- month- long internal enquiry in which over 2. 5 million documents were reviewed. Notably, the submission also includes 20, 000 pages of " exhibits" and documentation. 
Samajwadi Party Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav has slammed his son Akhilesh Yadav, stating, " One who betrays his father, cannot be a friend of others" . " No father made his son the CM during his own lifetime. And, what did Akhilesh do? He sacked his own uncle from his Cabinet, " Mulayam said. " I' ve never been insulted so much, " he added. 
Taking a jibe at BJP' s crackdown on illegal slaughterhouses in Uttar Pradesh, AIMIM President Asaduddin Owaisi has said, " cow is mummy in UP but yummy in Northeast" . His remark came after Nagaland' s BJP leader Visasolie Lhoungu said, " Ban on cow slaughter like the one in UP will not take effect in Nagaland if our party comes to power next year. " 
Ahead of the MCD election in Delhi, CM Arvind Kejriwal on Friday said if BJP or Congress wins, the power and water tariff will increase. He further alleged that both BJP and Congress have " hatched a conspiracy" to snatch these departments from the Delhi government. Our government has halved power tariff in Delhi and provided free water, he added. 
The Yogi Adityanath- led Uttar Pradesh government has banned employees in state universities and colleges from going on a strike till June 30. The period was reportedly chosen keeping in mind the busy academic calendar in the next three months. Any university employee taking part in a strike can now be sent to jail for up to six months. 
Kaabil' s director Sanjay Gupta, in a veiled reference to Shah Rukh Khan' s next film and Akshay Kumar' s ' Toilet: Ek Prem Katha' sharing the same release date, tweeted, " Kartam Bhuktam ( you' ll pay for your actions) on Independence Day. " In the now deleted tweet, Sanjay wrote, " I believe in ( Karma) . . . I love how you go after all that f* * * with you. " 
Maharashtra Health Minister Deepak Sawant on Friday said as many as 6148 infants died due to malnutrition in the state between April 2016 and August 2016. He further said that 881 mothers died between April 2016 to November 2016. In September, the National Human Rights Commission had sent a notice to the Maharashtra government over malnutrition deaths in tribal belt. 
A government official has acknowledged that personal identity of individuals, including Aadhaar number and other sensitive information, has been leaked to the public domain. " Publishing information like Aadhaar number along with name, date of birth, address etc. is a clear contravention of provisions of the Aadhaar Act, 2016 and is punishable with imprisonment of up to three years, " he added. 
Writing about Indian skipper Virat Kohli' s performance in an article, Sourav Ganguly stated, " Against Australia, probably he ( Kohli) was so consumed by wanting to win as captain that he let his emotions affect his batting. " This will also serve as a lesson for Virat. . . I hope he cools down and gets back to scoring big again, " Ganguly added. 
The Bombay High Court has passed an order restraining further exhibition and distribution of Kannada film Pushpaka Vimana while citing that it " appears to be a copy of the Korean movie Miracle in Cell No. 7" . Korea- based Kross Pictures had filed a copyright infringement case against Pushpaka Vimana' s makers alleging that proper remake rights had not been acquired from the company. 
Reacting to sexual harassment allegations against TVF Founder Arunabh Kumar, comedian Radhika Vaz on Thursday said, " Personally, I do not know this guy, but I was told this is an old story which everyone knew and no one talked about" . She added, " This is sad, but not surprising or shocking" . " Now we have guys in skinny jeans harassing us, " Vaz further said. 
Technology major Apple on Friday opened its new App Accelerator in Bengaluru to support Indian iOS developers. As part of the program, Apple experts will provide briefings and one- on- one app reviews for developers every week. This comes after Karnataka IT Minister Priyank Kharge said Apple will be ready to start assembling iPhones in Bengaluru in under a month. 
Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi on Friday met Tamil Nadu farmers protesting at Delhi' s Jantar Mantar for over two weeks and accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of neglecting the farmers while helping the rich. " The PM has given debt relief to richest people in the country, why not for the people who have built this country - the farmers, " he added. 
Taapsee Pannu' s ' Naam Shabana' " reminds you how women are no longer helpless when teased by. . . bunch of drunken louts, " wrote Times of India. " The film rarely ventures beyond the trite and tested, " said NDTV. India Today wrote, " Taapsee is the film' s hero. . . in spite of loopholes, it gives us some enjoyable moments. " It was rated 3/ 5 ( TOI) , 2. 5/ 5 ( India Today) , 2/ 5 ( NDTV) . 
Following the intervention of the Indian government, two Indian nationals who were abducted by rebels in South Sudan have been released, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has said. " I appreciate the efforts of Indian Ambassador in South Sudan Srikumar Menon for the release, " she added. The two men, Midhun and Ganesh, were abducted on March 8 during field work. 
Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad, who has been banned by several airlines, has reportedly made attempts to book Air India flight tickets by altering the spellings of his name. " Ravindra Gaikwad, R Gaikwad, Prof V Ravindra Gaikwad and Prof Ravindra Gaikwad has been banned in our system as he tried booking using different abbreviation, " an Air India official said. 
In order to check obesity in the force, the Indian Army has warned that out of shape personnel would miss out on promotion, foreign postings and career enhancement courses. As per the new policy, the senior officers have been granted powers to carry out random checks and medically downgrade such people after a thorough check up. 
Salman Khan' s sister Arpita Khan Sharma shared a picture of the Khan family from Maldives, where they were celebrating her son Ahil' s first birthday. Salman' s rumoured girlfriend Iulia Vantur is said to have been present at the celebration along with Arbaaz Khan and Malaika Arora. Meanwhile, Salman joined his family to attend Ahil' s birthday by taking 22- hour- long flight from Austria. 
The Election Commission on Thursday ruled that the media, both electronic and print, cannot use astrologers and tarot readers in the period when there is a ban on broadcasting exit polls. " It has been observed that some of the TV channels telecast certain programmes projecting the number of seats likely to be won by political parties, " said the poll panel. 
After being hit with a four- match ban by FIFA for abusing match officials, Argentina captain Lionel Messi has asserted his innocence saying he was yelling at the air. Messi has written to FIFA requesting that his ban be overturned. " If my words made assistant referee 1 uncomfortable, they were never directed at him and for that, I apologise, " it said. 
Singer- songwriter Bob Dylan will receive his Nobel Prize for Literature in person at Stockholm this weekend. However, he will not give the traditional Nobel lecture in person but will reportedly send a taped version. Dylan will have to deliver the lecture until June 10 in order to receive the ? 5 crore which is a part of the Nobel prize. 
Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli was conferred with the Padma Shri Award by President Pranab Mukherjee at a ceremony at the Rashtrapati Bhavan on Thursday. " What an absolute honor and a memorable day to receive the Padma Shri award from the President of India. God' s been kind. Jai Hind, " the 28- year- old tweeted. 
The government will seek data on deposits made by an individual during the demonetisation period as part of the Income Tax Returns for the assessment year 2017- 18. According to reports, the government has introduced a new column for obtaining details of such deposits. " This is. . . an effort to ascertain what deposits were made during the demonetisation period, " an official said. 
The stamping of hand baggage will be stopped at Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, and Cochin airports from April 1. Before this, all hand baggage had to be rubber- stamped by security personnel after it was put through security scanners at airports. Notably, this plan had been implemented earlier but was stopped due to the lack of required security equipment. 
Late actor Raj Kapoor' s ' Mera Naam Joker' and ' Sangam' will be the last two films to be shown at Delhi' s 84- year- old Regal cinema hall that will shut down on March 31. The cinema hall, which is located in Connaught Place, was said to be a favourite of Raj Kapoor. The building will be converted into a multiplex soon. 
The Mumbai Police is reportedly unable to reach or locate The Viral Fever ( TVF) Founder Arunabh Kumar, a day after he was booked on sexual harassment charges. Following the FIR, police were supposed to send Kumar summons on Thursday, but they have not been able to find him. The police even went to the TVF office, but Kumar was not there. 
Indian ambassador to Nigeria B Nagabhushana Reddy has been summoned by the Nigerian government to discuss the attack on Nigerian students at a mall in Greater Noida. The Nigerian government has further asked the Indian government to ensure immediate arrest and prosecution of those responsible for the attack on its nationals. 
Several posters saying, " Muslims in the country support the construction of Ram Temple in Ayodhya" , have reportedly been put out by Muslim organisations in Uttar Pradesh' s capital Lucknow. While the matter was one of the poll promises of the BJP government in the state, the SC had recently called for amicable settlement of the dispute through dialogue between the parties. 
Chinese smartphone maker Oppo has fired one of its employees named Suhahu for tearing a photograph of the Indian flag in the office premises in Noida. Suhahu, a Chinese national, tore the photo pasted on a wall and threw it in a dustbin. The termination comes after several people including Oppo employees protested outside the company' s office. 
The employee of a Café Coffee Day ( CCD) outlet in Jaipur, Priyanka Priyadarshini has filed an FIR against a customer named Arpan Verma, whom she had slapped. Priyadarshini has accused Verma of harassment and calling her a slut and a bitch. Earlier, a widely shared video showed Priyadarshini slapping Verma on taking video of cockroaches found in the outlet' s fridge. 
Actress Taapsee Pannu has revealed that she lost out on a few films in South India because she was too fair and the people there did not relate this ( fair) complexion to a girl- next- door. Taapsee said, " I have never used a fairness cream in my life. . . . when I started working, I found that being fair has actually backfired for me. " 
Reacting to cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni' s Aadhaar details being shared online, Congress General Secretary Digvijaya Singh slammed Information and Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Twitter. " He should apologise immediately and another Aadhaar Card should be made for Dhoni. His wife Sakshi is fully justified to be angry and upset, " the Congress leader added. 
' Shunyota' , a Bengali film on how the common people reacted to demonetisation in India, has been referred to the Censor Board Chairman after the regional office stalled its release. The film' s director Suvendu Ghosh questioned if the CBFC is not okay with demonetisation issue being talked about in a feature film. The film is scheduled to release on March 31. 
Delhi Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal has directed the Chief Secretary to recover ? 97 crore from the Aam Aadmi Party in 30 days for its advertisements projecting Arvind Kejriwal in violation of Supreme Court guidelines. The Comptroller and Auditor General had earlier criticised the AAP government for spending ? 29 crore on advertisements outside Delhi, saying it was " beyond its responsibility" . 
Sunny Deol has tweeted a picture of himself from the sets of his son Karan Deol' s debut film Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas in Manali. Sunny captioned the picture, " Work Mode! " as he is directing the film. Karan' s debut film is being produced by the Deol family' s production house Vijayta Films, which also launched his father in ' Betaab' in 1983. 
Alia Bhatt, while talking about her plans regarding marriage, said, " I do want to settle down early ( in life) . . . I have an advantage of having started off ( in career) very early. " Alia added that she would not want to settle down late in life as that has its own issues. However, she clarified that she is not planning on settling down right now. 
The local airport in Cristiano Ronaldo' s native Madeira Islands in Portugal was named after the 32- year- old Real Madrid forward on Wednesday. The Real Madrid striker was joined by Portugal' s President and the Prime Minister, who unveiled a commemorative plaque outside the terminal entrance, above a bust of Ronaldo. The airport has been renamed to Aeroporto Cristiano Ronaldo. 
Karan Johar, in a blog post on nepotism, questioned why he would not launch Shah Rukh Khan' s son if he can gain from it. " We' re not NGOs! We are businesses with bottom lines and budgets. . . [ I] t' s a balance of commerce and art, and both matter, " he added. Karan further said he also launched Sidharth Malhotra, who has no lineage in Bollywood. 
BCCI' s Committee of Administrators has said the Board' s treasurer had objected to the cash awards announced for the team after their win over Australia, saying such announcements could only be made at general body meetings. " India have won today. What is the point of announcing the award three weeks later. It will look strange if we did so, " CoA said. 
The Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered a ban on the registration and sale of vehicles compliant with the older Bharat Stage- III ( BS- III) emission norms from April 1. The Supreme Court asserted that the health of millions was more important than commercial interests. Notably, more stringent BS- IV norms were introduced in 2010, and a nationwide rollout is expected on April 1. 
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) on Wednesday exempted banks dealing in government businesses from remaining open on April 1 in view of the annual closing business. This reverses RBI' s earlier order where it asked the banks to mandatorily remain open on all days from March 25 to April 1, including Saturday, Sunday and all holidays. 
During his meeting with BJP MPs, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked them to use social media to its maximum potential to popularise the government' s social welfare schemes. PM Modi further asked them to keep in touch with their respective constituencies, and not let the people feel that they do not meet their elected representative. 
In an unprecedented move, the Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered the installation of CCTV cameras inside the courtrooms in at least two district courts of all states and Union Territories. The top court, however, made it clear that the footage of the CCTV camera will not be available under the RTI and will be released only on High Courts' direction. 
According to reports, a female African student was pulled from inside an autorickshaw by some unidentified men who misbehaved with her and then beat her up when she shouted for help. Notably, this comes a day after a mob thrashed four Nigerian nationals with bricks, knives and rods following the death of a teenager. 
At least two militants ransacked the house of a Superintendent of Police in Jammu and Kashmir' s Kulgam district. The militants tried to scare his family members by firing in the air, but there were no reports of any injury. Notably, this comes after three civilians were killed in an incident where stone pelters clashed with the police in Budgam. 
Actor Arbaaz Khan, while opening up about his relationship status, said that although he is dating someone, he feels single. " I really do not know whether I have it in me at this point to go through the entire scenario of commitment, " he added. Arbaaz and his estranged wife Malaika, who were married for 16 years, announced their split in 2016. 
A 19- year- old Afghan national was booked on Tuesday after doctors at a Delhi hospital found seven heroin capsules inside his rectum. The accused, Mahammadi Hamid, landed at the Indira Gandhi International Airport in an unconscious state after falling ill during a flight. He has not been arrested as he remains unconscious. n
Samajwadi Party President Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday said that the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS) is trying to implement its " fundamentalist agenda through the BJP governments, which could put the secular character of the country at risk" . " BJP has no plan for the development of Uttar Pradesh. . . a new form of corrupt politics has come before us, " he added. 
Mumbai Police will reportedly close the probe into the molestation case against The Viral Fever CEO Arunabh Kumar by this week without filing an FIR. While advocate Rizwan Siddhiqui urged the police thrice to file an FIR in the case, Mumbai Police claimed that they can do so only if any victim comes forward personally and not on social media. 
State- run Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC) on Monday signed an agreement to supply over 10 lakh tonnes of petroleum products annually to Nepal for the next five years, Chairman B Ashok said. " The supply agreement. . . will meet the full requirements, demand and quantities of all the major oil products, including petrol, diesel, kerosene, aviation turbine fuel and LPG, " he added. 
Singer Beyoncé fulfilled the wish of Ebony Banks, a dying fan suffering from cancer, whose dream was to talk to Beyoncé once in her life. Ebony passed away three days after talking to the singer over a video chat. Ebony' s classmates had started an online campaign before her death to give her a chance to meet her favourite singer. 
Following India' s win over Australia in the Dharamsala Test, former Australian pacer Mitchell Johnson said Ajinkya Rahane should continue as India captain instead of Virat Kohli. " Rahane should stay captain! It was a tough series but I believe it should stay on the field with the players, " Johnson tweeted in response to an article shared by Cricket Australia regarding Kohli. 
The Supreme Court has said the government cannot be stopped from using Aadhaar for " non- benefit" purposes like filing of IT returns and opening of bank accounts. The apex court has however ruled that Aadhaar cannot be made mandatory for social welfare schemes. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said Aadhaar would be mandatory for filing of I- T returns to curb tax evasion. 
A university student fooled partygoers in Auckland, New Zealand into believing she was singer Lorde during her performance at a public library for an April Fool' s Day prank. The ' No Lights No Lycra' party, which featured " total darkness, " had promised a " super ultra special guest. " After attendees tweeted about the " surprise" performance, it was revealed that Lorde was in London. 
Congress General Secretary Digvijaya Singh mistakenly wrote ' Rajiv Gandhi Cabinet' as ' Rahul Gandhi Cabinet' in a tweet on March 27. " Rajkumari Ratna Singh ex- MP is the daughter of Raja Dinesh Singh ji who was a Cabinet Minister in Indira Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi Cabinet, " Singh tweeted. After being trolled by Twitter users, Singh deleted the post and published correct tweet. 
Actress Taapsee Pannu has said that she is extremely proud of her relationship status and the person she is with. " I' m in an extremely good state in my personal life, " she added. Taapsee further said she does not want to talk about her relationship as people would then start talking about it more than the work she does. 
Following Australia' s loss in the fourth Test on Tuesday, Australian captain Steve Smith said, " At times, I have been in my own bubble and have let my emotions slip. I apologise for that" . " I have been pretty intense throughout this series" , Smith added. Smith was seen swearing after the third umpire overturned a Murali Vijay- catch on the third day. 
German water expert Martin Riese works as a water sommelier and is paid to taste water for Patina Restaurant Group in California. Riese, who has been drinking water professionally since 2005, is known to be the only certified ' Water Sommelier' in America. He also organises water tastings and classes to teach people how to identify different kinds of water. 
Actor Anupam Kher has said that actress Priyanka Chopra is the biggest international star we have today. He added, " I' m so proud to have someone from India who is on every magazine cover, on billboards, at every event and on every talk show. " Lauding her work, Anupam further said that there is no comparison between his and Priyanka' s achievements in Hollywood. 
Indian all- rounder Ravindra Jadeja, who scored a half- century and followed it up with his trademark sword celebration, said that next time he would try to score a century and celebrate with two bats as his swords. Speaking about his partnership with Ravichandran Ashwin, he said, " Ashwin and I maintain pressure from both ends. . . Hopefully, we can continue this outside India too. " 
The first look of the Shraddha Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor starrer upcoming romantic comedy film ' Half Girlfriend' has been released. The film is based on the novel of the same name written by Chetan Bhagat. Arjun will play the character ' Madhav Jha' while Shraddha will portray ' Riya Somani' . Directed by Mohit Suri, the film will release on May 19. 
Flipkart has reportedly been directed by a consumer forum to pay a Hyderabad resident ? 15, 000 for selling him a faulty mobile charger worth ? 259 that damaged his phone. The man claims the charger burnt the wires of his phone within 10 minutes of charging. Flipkart contended that it is a mediator between users and sellers, and not responsible for product quality. 
Actress Disha Patani was stalked by a male fan when she was in Delhi for a brand shoot recently. The man reportedly reached Disha' s hotel on two consecutive days to meet her and also kept following her to the sets. " I am relieved that the episode is over. . . It was an unpleasant experience, " said Disha. 
Referring to National Association of Software and Services Companies ( NASSCOM) and Akamai, the Telecom Ministry on Monday said that Internet users in India will reach 730 million by 2020. Minister of Communications Manoj Sinha further said that as per information received from Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, there were 391. 50 million Internet subscribers in India as of December 31, 2016. 
A woman, who was arrested twice last week for trying to jump the White House fence, has been arrested for the third time for scaling a fence at the Treasury Building, next to the White House. The woman, who told officers that she wanted to speak to President Donald Trump, has been charged with unlawful entry and contempt of court. 
An RTI activist has accused yoga guru Baba Ramdev of commercialising martyrs Bhagat Singh, Rajguru, and Sukhdev in a recent advertisement of Patanjali products. Citing print media advertisements, the activist said using the martyrs' photos was an act of commercialisation of the supreme sacrifices made by them. The activist' s legal notice also claimed the advertisement was insulting to the martyrs. 
As per reports, actor Akshay Kumar will be seen sporting twelve different looks in the upcoming film ' 2. 0' . Reports also stated that actor Rajinikanth will be seen playing five different characters in the science- fiction film. Being made on a budget of over ? 350 crore, ' 2. 0' is expected to be the most expensive film produced in India. 
Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul has compared Ravindra Gaikwad thrashing an Air India employee with an in- flight incident involving TV show host Kapil Sharma. " Even Kapil Sharma misbehaved on the flight after getting drunk, but no ban imposed on him, " Adsul said. Notably, some airlines decided to ban Gaikwad from flying after he hit an Air India staffer with slippers. 
DMK working president MK Stalin on Monday alleged that the ruling AIADMK government led by Chief Minister E Palaniswami is worried more about the RK Nagar by- polls than farmer issues. " Farmers of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana have extended their support for Tamil farmers. . . Even BJP minister Pon Radhakrishnan met the farmers but our CM is least bothered, " Stalin added. 
Odisha' s capital Bhubaneswar will host the men' s Hockey World League Final 2017 and World Cup 2018, the International Hockey Federation ( FIH) confirmed on Monday. Odisha will be the title sponsor of both the events, with the official event titles being ' Odisha Men' s Hockey World League Final Bhubaneswar 2017' and ' Odisha Hockey Men' s World Cup Bhubaneswar 2018' . 
Former AAP MLA from Bawana Ved Prakash Satish, who has quit the party and joined the BJP, has accused the Delhi government of not doing anything for cows. " Prime Minister Modi has come at the forefront as a yogi ( ascetic) and Yogi ( Adityanath) has come in Uttar Pradesh. I have come here to become part of that change, " he added. 
Following India' s agreement on automatic exchange of information from next year about suspected black money hoarders in Swiss banks, Switzerland said it can suspend such exchange if confidentiality is not maintained. Further, the Swiss agency, mandated to defend the interests of Switzerland on international financial matters, said steps will be taken to ensure exchanged data does not get misused. 
Telecom giant BT has been fined $ 53 million ( ? 345 crore) for a " serious breach" of rules, making it the largest fine imposed on a telco. BT will also have to pay $ 376 million ( ? 2, 440 crore) in compensation to rivals. BT allegedly misused its contracts to cut compensation payments for delays in connecting high- speed business lines to other telcos including Vodafone. 
Twinkle Khanna has revealed that her son Aarav' s friends call her ' savage' , and she believes that it is a compliment in today' s times. She added, " It sounds awful, but I believe it is a good thing. My son says so, at least. " Twinkle further said that she tries to be a friendly mother to her kids. 
With an average age of 29, India will be world' s youngest country by 2020, India' s envoy to Sri Lanka, Taranjith Singh Sandhu, said on Sunday. " With western Europe, the US, South Korea, Japan and even China ageing, this demographic potential offers India an unprecedented edge which could further contribute to the GDP growth rate, " he stated. n
The meat sellers in various parts of Uttar Pradesh on Monday went on an indefinite strike against state government' s crackdown on slaughterhouses. As per All India Meat and Livestock Exporters Association, the accumulated losses in the last two months run into ? 4, 000 crore. The UP government, however, clarified that action is being taken against only illegal slaughterhouses. 
Udaipur' s Gauri Singhvi ( 14) has become the first girl to swim from Bandra? Worli Sea Link to the Gateway of India, which is a 36 km long route. Gauri started swimming on Sunday at 11: 00 am and reached the Gateway of India at 5: 30 pm. Since childhood, she wanted to swim in the international channel and therefore eyed the Arabian Sea. 
Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly has said that stand- in captain Ajinkya Rahane' s confidence has gone down and it was evident from his batting. Rahane has scored 160 runs with an average of 26. 66 in the ongoing India- Australia series so far. " It' s not the Rahane we have seen. . . he is just a bit out of the place at the moment, " Ganguly added. 
Delhi saved around 290 MW of power by switching off lights and electrical appliances during the Earth Hour initiative this year, power distribution companies have announced. " This is more than last year when Delhi had saved around 230 MW, " a spokesperson for power major BSES said. The Earth Hour was observed between 8: 30 PM and 9: 30 PM on Saturday. 
As per reports, actress Sonam Kapoor will auction her designer outfits and bags to raise funds for ' Fight Hunger Foundation' , an NGO which is based in Mumbai. The actress is said to have chosen twelve pieces including her vintage couture gowns for the auction. Some funds will reportedly be given to ' Cuddles Foundation' , which works for children battling cancer. 
Actor Anupam Kher recently bought his first house in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh and gifted it to his mother. In an Instagram post, Kher said he always wanted to own a property in Shimla as he spent his childhood there. " [ My mother] has been teary- eyed since yesterday. She said this is the most beautiful thing that could have happened, " he added. n
A 20- year- old model has filed an FIR against actor Parth Samthaan, accusing him of molesting her. The model has alleged that he misbehaved with her in a drunken state and also shared her contact number with other people, after which she started receiving calls from boys who wanted " favours" from her. Parth starred in the MTV series ' Kaisi Yeh Yaariaan' . 
Kotak Mahindra' s Uday Kotak has said BJP' s win in the state polls is positive for economic reforms, and the government should focus on re- activating " animal spirits" of the private sector to invest. " [ W] e just need to make sure that we are focused on growing the economy, getting the private sector' s animal spirits back, and that will create jobs, " Kotak said. 
Addressing the 30th edition of his monthly radio address ' Mann Ki Baat' , Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday asserted that depression needed expression and not suppression. " We are fortunate to have been raised in joint families, it ends any chance of. . . depression, " he said. PM Modi also said it is good to share your feelings with others if feeling depressed. 
Portugal national team captain Cristiano Ronaldo scored with a left- footed long- range effort after his teammate André Silva provided a mid- air backheel assist on an aerial long ball, in Portugal' s 3- 0 friendly win over Hungary on Sunday. The 32- year- old also scored a freekick from the side of the penalty box, claiming his 70th career goal for Portugal. 
Amid the crackdown on slaughterhouses, ex- UP CM Akhilesh Yadav has cautioned his successor Yogi Adityanath not to go near his lions as they would be hungry. The Akhilesh- led government had " imported" Gujarat lions for the Etawah Lion Safari project. Around ? 1 lakh is reportedly spent monthly on the upbringing of each pair of animals, which are currently being fed chicken. 
One person was killed and at least fourteen others were injured on Sunday after a gunman opened fire in a Cincinnati nightclub in Ohio, US, according to reports. The shooter is reportedly on the run after the incident at the Cameo Club. However, Cincinnati police have confirmed that they have launched a homicide investigation into the attack. 
The Finance Bill 2017, which has been passed by the Lok Sabha, comes with a number of amendments, including imposing a limit of ? 2 lakh on cash transactions. The Bill also makes Aadhaar mandatory for filing Income Tax returns and for getting a PAN. Further, the Bill enables Income Tax officers to raid homes without providing any reason. 
Addressing a gathering at Gorakhpur for the first time after assuming CM' s office, UP CM Yogi Adityanath on Saturday said there' ll be development for everyone and appeasement of none in UP. " Our government will make sure the last man of society is taken care of, " he said. He also urged his supporters to never take law into their hands. 
The All Bengal Minority Youth Federation ( ABMYF) has demanded the removal of Bangladesh' s founder Mujibur Rahman' s statue from the government- run Baker hostel in Kolkata, calling it " anti- Islamic" . " Since the hostel has a mosque in its premises, such a statue could not be allowed, " said ABMYF. The statue was installed by the then Left government in 1998. n
Syedna Taher Fakruddin, who claims to be religious leader of Dawoodi Bohra community, has said the choice of going for female genital mutilation should be left to the woman only after she becomes an adult. " While the Sharia law has a provision for female genital mutilation, it should not be performed on a woman until she becomes an adult, " he stated. 
Actor Sanjay Dutt has said that he wants to change the release date of his comeback film ' Bhoomi' to avoid a clash with Aamir Khan' s film ' Secret Superstar' . " Aamir is a dear friend and I would not want my comeback film to be pitted against his. In this industry, we should all make an effort to help each other, " said Sanjay. 
In an apparent jibe at UP' s anti- Romeo squads, Delhi' s Tourism Minister Kapil Mishra has said both Romeo and Juliet are welcome in Delhi as there would be no Mogambo ( a Hindi movie villain) to object. He further stated the AAP government is working on improving Delhi' s nightlife. " The nightlife ensures the law and order of a place, " he added. 
As per reports, actress Kangana Ranaut has gifted herself a three- bedroom bungalow on the occasion of her 30th birthday. The actress is said to be planning to use it as office space as she intends to start working on her directorial project this year. It is also being reported that Kangana is looking to become a producer soon. 
Indian spinner Kuldeep Yadav, who registered 4/ 68 on his debut on Saturday, said that the flipper variation taught to him by Australian legend Shane Warne got him David Warner' s wicket, his international career' s first wicket. Kuldeep was taken to Warne by coach Anil Kumble for a session. Later, Australia' s Matthew Wade said that Yadav' s variations were hard to pick up. 
The Indian Army, after consultations with the Defence Ministry, is considering cutting down the number of its sahayaks by 10, 000, reported India Today. This comes after videos of soldiers alleging that they were often made to perform menial tasks for the officers surfaced online. The sahayak jawans will be moved to army formations and replaced by civilians. 
Censor Board has demanded the removal of phrase ' Mann Ki Baat' from a dialogue in film ' Sameer' , as it is also the title of PM Narendra Modi' s radio show. The Board has not objected to an expletive in the same dialogue. " The board, despite granting us an A certificate, asked for certain scenes to be chopped mercilessly, " said the film' s director. 
The British Parliament has passed a resolution condemning Pakistan' s move to declare Gilgit- Baltistan in PoK as its fifth province. " Gilgit- Baltistan is a legal and constitutional part of the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India, which is illegally occupied by Pakistan since 1947, " the motion said. The motion also called the construction of the China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) as " illegal" . 
A female teacher from Sharda Vidya Mandir in Porbandar, Gujarat, allegedly showed obscene videos to students and danced half- naked in front of them after taking them inside a room. While she threatened the kids against informing their parents, a student complained about it and the police arrested her after confiscating her mobile phone and finding several pornographic clips in it. 
Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger slammed a troll on Facebook who insulted the Special Olympics by saying it makes no sense as the Olympics is only there for the world' s best athletes to compete. Responding to this comment, Arnold wrote, " I guarantee you that these athletes have more courage, compassion, brains, skill - actually, more of every positive human quality than you. " 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and five other AAP leaders will face trial in a criminal defamation case filed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Jaitley has claimed AAP leaders made defamatory remarks against him over alleged financial irregularities in Delhi' s cricket association, which he earlier headed for 13 years. Kumar Vishwas and Ashutosh are among the AAP leaders to face trial. 
Rajinikanth has cancelled his trip to Sri Lanka for a housing scheme launch, following protests by some pro- Tamil groups. The groups alleged that the event is an attempt to involve Rajinikanth in an " ethnic issue" . In a letter, Rajinikanth has urged people to not politicise his visit if he gets a chance to meet Sri Lankan Tamils in the future. 
Actor Govinda appeared before the tax department on Friday following a summons to him for not paying service tax dues of around ? 70 lakh. " Govinda appeared in person. . . and assured us of clearing his dues. . . over the next few days, " a department official said. The official said Govinda earned ? 5 crore by endorsing products or acting in the past three years. 
IPS officer Himanshu Kumar was suspended on Saturday after he tweeted that seniors in the police department under the Adityanath government are targeting subordinates with Yadav surname. However, he later claimed that his comments were misinterpreted. After the UP police suspended Himanshu for indiscipline, he tweeted, " Truth alone triumphs. " 
Bihar Deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav has said that if UP CM Adityanath is a ' Yogi' and an honest advocate of religion, he should totally ban liquor in Uttar Pradesh like it is in Bihar. " Yogiji, do not divert people' s attention and constitute [ an] anti- daru squad ( anti- liquor squad) , " he said. Alcohol is more harmful than Gutkha or Paan Masala, he added. 
Twenty- two- year- old jawan Roshan Kumar, who passed away in a road accident in Delhi last week, saved the lives of transplant patients by donating six of his vital organs. Roshan had suffered serious brain injuries in the accident. " Roshan is not at the border to protect the country. But. . . he served the nation by saving six lives, " said his uncle. 
A firefighter from US revived a dog rescued from a burning building by performing CPR on it. The dog was reportedly no longer breathing and did not have a pulse. It was also given oxygen through an oxygen mask designed for animals. " It was a win for the whole team. . . that we got him back, " said the fireman. 
The Election Commission has transferred Chennai Police Commissioner Sebastian George out of the city ahead of the by- polls in former CM Jayalalithaa' s constituency RK Nagar. This comes after the opposition DMK told the poll panel that George might act in a way that favoured the ruling party. The RK Nagar by- polls are scheduled for April 12. 
The Jammu and Kashmir government has decided to relieve teachers from being a part of election duties to ensure that the education system does not suffer. " We want to provide teachers with a congenial atmosphere, " said state' s Education Minister Syed Altaf Bukhari. The state will go for bypolls next month for the parliament seats in Srinagar and Anantnag. 
The newly elected BJP- led Manipur government has announced to end the stage of interview in direct recruitment for junior level posts in all departments under the state government with immediate effect. The state also decided to amend the existing recruitment rules for Grade III and IV posts accordingly, an official statement said. 
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Friday said that India has refused to accept US' list of 271 illegal Indians living in the country and sought more details from the Donald Trump administration. " We have said that it is only after we verify the details, can we issue an emergency certificate for their deportation, " she further said. 
AAP Convenor Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday promised to scrap Residential House Tax in the city if voted to power in MCD. AAP has worked out the mathematics and the money saved from corruption would be used to cover the shortfall after scrapping the house tax, he said. " Public is harassed in the name of collection of house tax, " he added. 
UP CM Yogi Adityanath on Friday directed the top officials of the state to lay down clear guidelines for anti- Romeo squads to prevent " unnecessary harassment" of boys and girls spending time together with consent. Some policemen in UP have reportedly claimed they can " identify a Romeo just by the look in their eyes, their face and the way they stand" . 
A Private Member' s Bill has been tabled in the Rajya Sabha which seeks to ensure that the Parliament meets for at least 100 days every year. The bill, submitted by Shiromani Akali Dal MP Naresh Gujral, also calls for special sessions for fifteen days to discuss two issues of utmost public importance. Currently, the Parliament meets for 70- 80 days annually. 
As many as 40, 000 Maharashtra doctors associated with the Indian Medical Association called off their strike over inadequate security in hospitals, after meeting CM Devendra Fadnavis on Friday. Fadnavis said more security has been provided since Thursday, and further arrangements will be made in the next 10 days. Earlier, doctors were warned to join work or take a pay cut. 
Over 800 surgeries across Delhi government and civic body- run hospitals had to be postponed after more than 20, 000 resident doctors in the national capital went on mass casual leave on Thursday. The doctors went on leave in solidarity with a similar move by their Maharashtra counterparts over rising cases of assault on doctors by patients' relatives. 
The Centre has slammed US daily The New York Times over its editorial criticising PM Narendra Modi for choosing Yogi Adityanath as Uttar Pradesh' s Chief Minister. Modi' s choice of " firebrand Hindu cleric" as UP CM was a " shocking rebuke" to minorities, the editorial read. " The wisdom in doubting the verdicts of genuine democratic exercises. . . is questionable, " the External Affairs Ministry said. 
A 12- year- old boy from Kerala is being called as India' s youngest father, after a DNA test confirmed that he fathered a child born to a 17- year- old girl. The girl, who is the boy' s first cousin and neighbour, has however alleged that she was raped by him. A Protection of Children from Sexual Offences case has been filed over the matter. 
Shiv Sena' s Ravindra Gaikwad, who hit an Air India staffer with slippers, is a Lok Sabha MP from Maharashtra' s Osmanabad constituency. According to his 2014 poll affidavit, he had eight criminal cases against him, including charges related to homicide, rioting, criminal intimidation, and stopping public servants from doing duty. In 2014, he was involved in force- feeding a Muslim during Ramzan. 
Large- scale violence was reported in Punjab' s Gurdaspur jail as the police resorted to firing in the air to bring the situation under control. As per reports, the clashes started as four undertrials attacked two jail wardens with plastic pipes, which they had removed from walls. The prison- mates reportedly ransacked several barracks in the jail and caused loss to government properties. 
Actress- turned- author Twinkle Khanna, while speaking at an event, said that sex is important at every stage of life. " The things I found extremely attractive in Akshay have changed over time, " she added. Twinkle and Akshay, who got married in 2001, completed 16 years of marriage in January this year. They have a 14- year- old son Aarav and a 4- year- old daughter Nitara. 
Actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui has said that he has no equation or relationship with actor Irrfan Khan. He added, " Mere acting ka alag tareeka hai. . . Uska apna alag tareeka hai. " Nawazuddin and Irrfan, who featured together in the 2013 film ' The Lunchbox' , reportedly shared an apartment when they were trying to get into Bollywood. 
Actor Shahid Kapoor has revealed that when his wife Mira Rajput was in labour, there was a point when he started feeling dizzy. He added, " Mira whacked me and said, ' Why are you getting dizzy? I am doing all the work here. " Shahid and Mira had their first child Misha in 2016, a year after getting married. 
As per reports, actor Sushant Singh Rajput and actress Kriti Sanon, who have allegedly been dating for about a year, have ended their relationship. As per sources, Sushant felt Kriti was too emotionally dependent on him while Kriti had issues with Sushant' s moody nature. The duo reportedly started dating while shooting for their upcoming film ' Raabta' . 
Singer Sia, known for songs like ' Cheap Thrills' and ' Chandelier' , was spotted without her wig at the Los Angeles airport on her way to Dubai. The 41- year- old singer usually makes public appearances wearing a half- black- half- blonde faux hair and never shows her face. Sia has introduced her distinctive look in her videos, where dancer Maddie Ziegler is seen in similar wigs. 
Anushka Sharma' s Phillauri " hovers. . . from one useless scene to another which are neither funny nor interesting, " wrote India Today. " Phillauri is an unconventional Bollywood entertainer. . . watchable all the way, " said NDTV. Hindustan Times wrote, " Despite a fresh idea, it is a loosely- written film that fails to engross the audience. " It was rated 3/ 5 ( NDTV) , 2. 5/ 5 ( HT) 1. 5/ 5 ( India Today) . n
A 22- year- old man, Rahat Khan, has been arrested by the police in Greater Noida for allegedly posting a morphed image of newly elected Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on his Facebook wall. A complaint was lodged against Khan, who captioned the image, ' Yogi hai, ya bhogi hai' , by members of Hindu Yuva Vahini which was founded by Adityanath. 
A woman from Queensland, Australia received a call from the school informing her that her 5- year- old daughter had packed a raspberry vodka in her lunchbox. She had asked her daughter to take a pack of juice from the freezer but instead of juice, she accidentally took the vodka. " I apologised for not sending enough for the teachers, " she jokingly said. 
Samajwadi Party Founder Mulayam Singh Yadav' s younger son Prateek Yadav along with his wife Aparna Yadav on Friday met newly- appointed Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath at a VVIP guest house in Lucknow. The duo spent around 30 minutes with the CM and later described it as a " courtesy call" . Aparna had lost the election to BJP MLA Rita Bahuguna. 
Jamat- ud- Dawa ( JuD) acting chief Hafiz Abdul Rehman Makki on Thursday said that Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif celebrated Holi to appease the Indian government. " The rulers must realise that Muslims and Hindus are two separate nations. Their culture and civilisation are different. They cannot live together, " said Makki, who is terrorist Hafiz Saeed? s brother- in- law. n
As many as 10 requests by India for extradition of fugitive criminals including Vijay Mallya, who is facing charges of loan default worth ? 9, 000 crore, are pending with the UK, the government said. Further, Minister of State for External Affairs VK Singh said in the last five years, only one fugitive criminal, Samirbhai Vinubhai Patel, has been extradited from UK. 
The Bengaluru man who was caught on CCTV camera stealing and wearing women' s undergarments left on the terrace of a girls' hostel to dry has been caught by the police. The accused, identified as 35- year- old Abu Taleem, is an employee of the Bangalore Turf Club and the police have found a trunk full of women' s clothing from his residence. 
A tree dubbed the ' neem- beer- tree' , located in Delhi University' s North Campus, has reportedly been secreting an intoxicating white liquid since November 2016. It reportedly releases 10 litres of the liquid every day, which smells like toddy, the alcoholic sap obtained from palm trees. " I had two to three glasses of the toddy. It was quite intoxicating, " stated a labourer. 
Delhi police has rescued a woman and her daughter, who had been locked up in their house for the last four years. An official said both of them were mentally unstable, undernourished, and weighed less than 25 kg. The matter came to light when a resident in the locality informed the cops that the duo had been forcefully locked up. 
White House National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro has said if India lowers the tariffs imposed on Harley- Davidson motorcycles, it could result in more foreign investments in the country. " If India agrees to lower its tariffs on Harley- Davidson motorcycles, Indian consumers will buy more Harleys and save less, while Harley will sell more. . . and invest more, " he stated. 
Actor Shahid Kapoor has said he hopes that Kangana Ranaut gets along with co- stars in future. He added, " Kangana has a thing for one- liners. I do not believe in publicising a film or myself through this. . . activity. " During the promotions of their film ' Rangoon' , Kangana had said that it was a nightmare sharing a cottage with Shahid for the film' s shoot. 
Kangana Ranaut directed a short English film titled ' The Touch' in 2011, which revolves around the life of a young boy who has a ' healing touch' in his hands. Kangana, who turned 30 on Thursday, made her Bollywood debut with the 2006 film ' Gangster' . She also won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut for her role in the movie. 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath made a surprise visit to the Hazratganj police station in Lucknow. After inspecting the police station for 30 minutes, Yogi Adityanath said police should be people- friendly and steps will be taken to maintain law and order in the state. Adityanath directed police to provide better accommodation to women officers and recruit more women. 
Scientists have developed a test that can predict the age at which a person could develop Alzheimer' s. The test calculates the risk of onset of disease based on genetic markers developed from data of over 70, 000 individuals having Alzheimer' s and otherwise. Researchers said that while genetics can influence the risk of dementia, a healthy lifestyle can also curb the risk. 
Punjab CM Amarinder Singh has said Navjot Singh Sidhu' s ministry might have to be changed if he wants to continue working in TV. " If it is permissible then we have no issue. Otherwise, he has Culture Ministry and we may have to change his portfolio, " Singh said. Sidhu earlier said there was no conflict of interest due to his TV work. 
Maharashtra Minister Girish Mahajan has asked protesting doctors to resume work by Wednesday or risk losing six months' worth of salary. The minister further promised to increase security guards in all government hospitals to provide security to doctors. Notably, over 4, 000 resident doctors across Maharashtra have been on a mass leave protesting against dangerous working conditions. 
A 19- year- old woman was hospitalised in Delhi with a burnt throat and face, after she was allegedly forced to drink acid by her former boyfriend. The alleged attacker, Ravi Kumar ( 22) , later surrendered at the city' s Sangam Vihar police station. The woman was undergoing treatment at AIIMS with 20% burns but the doctors said she is expected to survive. 
Shankar, the director of ' 2. 0' , starring Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar, has apologised to two photo journalists, who alleged they were abused and beaten up by the film' s crew members. Visiting the Press Council office in Chennai, Shankar said, " I shall ensure incidents like this do not repeat. It has happened without my knowledge. " The journalists have reportedly withdrawn their police complaint. 
A Chinese man has been caught trying to smuggle more than 1, 000 diamonds into Shenzhen from Hong Kong by hiding them in his shoes. " [ We were] suspicious as he sometimes tiptoed. When he found that we were looking at him, he quickly shifted to normal walking posture, " said a customs officer. He was then asked to take his shoes off. 
Actor Robert Downey Jr will portray the character ' Doctor Dolittle' in the upcoming film ' The Voyage of Doctor Dolittle' , which is being directed by Stephen Gaghan. The character was created by British author Hugh Lofting in the 1920s series of children' s books as a doctor who opts to treat animals instead of human beings because he can speak with them. 
Filmmaker Shirish Kunder has slammed Yogi Adityanath' s appointment as the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh by comparing it to how Dawood Ibrahim can be made CBI Director. Shirish also tweeted, " Hoping a goon will stop rioting once he is allowed to rule is like expecting a rapist to stop raping once he is allowed to rape. " However, the tweets have been deleted. 
The State Election Commission has issued a directive to the chief secretary, GNTCD and all the three municipal commissioners seeking removal of the word ' Aam' from all forms of displays including hoardings and Aam Aadmi Clinic. Delhi BJP delegation led by Leader of Opposition Vijender Gupta had made the demand and the EC has sought compliance report within 48 hours. 
A CCTV footage from Delhi' s Vasant Kunj area has surfaced which shows a man crushing two puppies, playing on the roadside, under his car wheels. As visible in the footage, there was enough space for the car to pass by, but the driver chose to turn left and drive straight towards the puppies. 
State- run housing finance company Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited ( Hudco) has received Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi) approval to raise funds through an IPO. IDBI Capital, Nomura Financial Advisory and Securities, SBI Capital Markets and ICICI Securities will manage the company' s public issue. Hudco' s IPO is a part of the government' s disinvestment plan. 
Pakistan cricket team' s new ODI and T20I captain Sarfraz Ahmed claims that Pakistan cricket is going through tough times, following the involvement of several Pakistani players in PSL spot- fixing scandal. " [ W] e need to do well in the coming series [ against West Indies] to boost our people, " Sarfraz said. Notably, Pakistan are yet to qualify for a World Cup 2019 spot. 
Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath' s father, Anand Singh Bisht, has advised him to respect all religions, stating that even Muslim women voted for him. " He' ll need to take everyone along. . . He needs to respect all religions, win their hearts, " Bisht reportedly said. Adityanath can take people from all faiths on the path of progress, he added. 
The Delhi High Court on Tuesday asked the Central government, " Why no action was taken against BJP and Congress over alleged foreign funding" . In 2014, the court had ordered the Election Commission and the Home Ministry to look into the accounts of the Congress and BJP for traces of foreign funds and take action within six months. 
The NIA special court in Jaipur has sentenced Devendra Gupta and Bhavesh Patel to life imprisonment in the 2007 Ajmer dargah blast case. On March 6, the court had found Gupta, Patel, and Sunil Joshi guilty in the case, wherein three were killed and 17 others injured. Joshi who died under mysterious circumstances earlier, and Patel, were former RSS workers. 
During an interview, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson revealed that he did not want the position and he only took the job because his wife convinced him to do it. Adding that he had not met President Donald Trump before being summoned to Trump Tower, Tillerson said, " When he asked me. . . to be Secretary of State, I was stunned. " 
Former Australian cricketer Ian Chappell said that the Indian team has run out of ideas to dismiss Australian captain Steve Smith in the current Border- Gavaskar Test series. Smith is the highest scorer in the four- match series, having amassed 378 runs including two centuries in three Tests so far. " Smith' s patience and thirst for runs is never- ending" , Chappell said. 
According to reports, actress Kangana Ranaut will start shooting for the biopic on Rani Laxmibai on her birthday on March 23. However, filmmaker Ketan Mehta will no longer direct the film, as per reports. Mehta reportedly wanted to shoot the film in English as he wanted the biopic to have a global appeal, but Kangana did not agree to it. 
After BJP formed the government in UP, posters of BJP MLA Brijesh Singh surfaced in Saharanpur naming Deoband as Deovrind. Notably, Deoband is known for its historical significance and Darul Uloom Deoband ? a centre of Islamic learning from Mughal era. " We want all those places to be renamed which were once under the Mughal rule, " said a VHP leader. 
The Uttar Pradesh Police on Tuesday issued orders to constitute anti- Romeo squad in 11 districts of the Lucknow zone to prevent eve- teasing. As per reports, some men were arrested in Lucknow and boys standing outside girls' schools and colleges were hauled up in Meerut and questioned. " Action under Goonda Act will be taken against wrongdoers, " said the police. 
The RSS on Tuesday criticised the TMC government over a decline in Hindu population in West Bengal and further accused it of encouraging anti- national elements due to its Muslim vote bank politics. " The Hindu population in the state, which constituted 78. 45% in 1951 had declined to 70. 54% as per the 2011 census, " it stated. 
More than 28, 000 children aged less than six years have died in Madhya Pradesh in 2016, state' s Women and Child Welfare Department Minister Archana Chitnis apprised the Assembly. " Technically, It is impossible to answer how many children died because of malnourishment because children died because of various diseases, which could have resulted from malnourishment, " she stated. 
Axis Bank on Wednesday dismissed the reports of its MD and CEO Shikha Sharma' s resignation. " The news is false, speculative and is being circulated with the mala fide intention of misleading the investors and the general public, " the bank said. Axis Bank' s Q3 profit witnessed a sharp fall over Income Tax Department raids on some of its branches post demonetisation. 
Starting from April 1, Railways will let waitlisted passengers travel in the next alternative train going towards the same destination the ticket is booked for. Passengers will be allowed to take Rajdhani or Shatabdi trains even if they booked a ticket for other mail or express trains. No extra charge or difference in the fare will be collected by Railways. 
Dhanbad' s ex- Deputy Mayor Neeraj Singh and three others were killed in the city on Tuesday after unidentified gunmen opened fire. Singh' s friend, his driver and bodyguard were among the killed. The police recovered at least 50 AK 47 bullet shells from the spot with 17 bullets reportedly taken by Singh himself. A manhunt was launched to nab the assailants. 
The Bombay High Court on Tuesday slammed over 4, 500 resident doctors in Maharashtra who had gone on mass leave since March 20 and asked them to join work or face action by the management. The HC was hearing a PIL filed against the strike wherein the advocate representing the petitioners claimed 58 people have died in Maharashtra since Monday. 
The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) has roped in wrestlers Geeta Phogat and Babita Phogat of ' Dangal' fame to campaign for the party in the run- up to the Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) polls. The party is reportedly also in talks with Indian cricketer Shikhar Dhawan for the campaign ahead of the polls scheduled for April 22. 
After Ravindra Jadeja became sole top- ranked Test bowler, former captain Sourav Ganguly said that Jadeja has started to come out of the shadow of Ravichandran Ashwin. " Ashwin has 250 Test wickets. . . and is the fastest to the mark, but Jadeja in this series has taken the responsibility. . . He has gone ahead of Ashwin, " added Ganguly. 
Salman Khan has paid ? 44. 5 crore to become Bollywood' s highest advance tax payer for 2016- 17. Kapil Sharma submitted an advance tax of ? 23. 9 crore as compared to only ? 7 crore in 2015- 16. However, the Income Tax department declined to give advance tax figures for Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai as they are under investigation over Panama Papers case. 
The Supreme Court on Tuesday pulled up the Centre and the RBI over demonetisation measures taken, asking why they did not give a window to citizens to deposit old currency notes after December 31. The apex court gave the Central government and the Reserve Bank of India two weeks' time to reply to the notice. 
Two Sufi clerics of the Hazrat Nizamuddin Dargah in Delhi, who had gone missing in Pakistan last week, have returned to India after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj intervened into the matter. The duo, that went to pay obeisance at the shrine after returning, blamed a Pakistani newspaper for publishing a misleading article that had led to the entire fiasco. 
India have added pacer Mohammed Shami into the squad for the final Test, scheduled to begin on March 25 in Dharamshala. Shami last played for India in November 2016 and had been out since due to knee injury. Earlier, Indian captain Kohli had hinted at including Shami saying that he was sent to play Vijay Hazare Trophy for match practice. 
A 51- year- old alleged member of Khalistan Commando Force ( KCF) , Gursewak Singh Babla, was arrested with a country- made pistol by Delhi Police on Tuesday. Senior crime branch officials said that the alleged militant was involved in over 75 cases that include terror activities, murder, robbery, and loot. A majority of the cases were registered in Punjab and Delhi, the officials added. 
Tibetan religious leader Dalai Lama on Tuesday said the global terrorist crisis is fast reaching the nuclear threshold. Once it crosses the threshold, it could mean that the entire mankind could perish, he added. Dalai Lama also said that the terrorism crisis cannot be resolved unless all the nations come together on a single platform against it. 
Sanjay Dutt has suffered a hairline rib fracture while shooting a fight sequence, with a group of 19- 20 men, for his film ' Bhoomi' . Dutt got injured when a jump went wrong as the scene, which is the film' s climax, was being shot in Chambal. While Dutt has been advised to rest, he has continued shooting, taking rest only during breaks. 
After Indian captain Virat Kohli accused some of the Australian players of trolling Indian team' s physio Patrick Farhart, an Australian daily called Kohli as the Donald Trump of world sport. " Just like President Trump, Kohli decided to blame the media as a means of trying to hide the egg smeared right across his face, " the article added. 
Australian pacer Mitchell Starc has said that he is looking forward to bowl to Ravichandran Ashwin in Australia and he might take Ashwin' s advice and hit him on the badge. Starc was given a send- off by Ashwin during the second Test, with Ashwin tapping his forehead. It was in reply to Starc taunting Abhinav Mukund in the similar manner earlier. 
A poster was spotted outside Congress office in Lucknow announcing an award of ? 5 lakh to the person who finds poll strategist Prashant Kishor and presents him before party workers. The poster was removed immediately after it was spotted by state Congress chief Raj Babbar. Notably, Prashant Kishor was Congress' chief poll strategist for the recent Uttar Pradesh polls. 
Actor Anupam Kher has said that the rules of the Censor Board need to be revisited since they were written in 1952. He added, " The present government had appointed a committee headed by filmmaker Shyam Benegal. I do not know what happened to the recommendations. " Anupam further said that even though new rules are made, they are not implemented. n
Passport colours are derived from four primary colours- red, green, blue or black, according to Arton Group, which runs a passport database. Blue passports are believed to belong to ' new- world' nations including India and Australia. Red passports usually belong to nations with a communist history. Additionally, black passports, used by New Zealand among others, are known to be the rarest. 
State Bank of India, which is going to merge with its five associate banks, has decided to shut down 47% of these banks' offices, including the head offices of three of them. This process will start from April 24. Notably, the five associate banks will cease to exist as legal entities and become a part of SBI from April 1. 
Samajwadi Party leader and former UP CM Akhilesh Yadav' s uncle Ram Gopal Yadav has asked the people to give at least six months to newly- elected CM Yogi Adityanath to prove himself. " There is no need to start attacking him from the first day, " he said. " There' s nothing objectionable in Yogi Adityanath holding a puja at CM' s residence, " he added. 
Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj has sent a Note Verbale requesting the safety, security and well- being of Mohammadia Begum, an Indian woman who was being mistreated by her in- laws in Pakistan. Swaraj asked the Indian High Commission to renew the Indian woman' s passport and facilitate her return to India. This comes after Swaraj received a YouTube message from the victim' s father. 
Union Minister Uma Bharti on Monday said that since no Opposition has been left in India, the BJP will have to perform the role of the Opposition as well. " These election results have shown that we have reached a position which the Congress had occupied for a long time? but at that time we were a strong Opposition, " she added. 
Real estate baron Gopal Ansal on Monday surrendered before Tihar jail authorities to face one- year jail term in the 1997 Uphaar fire tragedy case. This comes after the Supreme Court rejected his plea seeking more time to surrender. Notably, 59 persons had died in Uphaar Cinema in Delhi during the screening of Hindi movie ' Border' on June 13, 1997. 
Filmmaker Karan Johar has said that he would marry Shah Rukh Khan, if given the choice to kill, marry or hook- up with SRK, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan or Sidharth Malhotra. Johar added that SRK would be his choice because he loves the actor' s bungalow. However, Johar refused to choose between Aishwarya and Sidharth for the other options of killing or hooking- up. 
Actor Kamal Haasan took to Twitter to post a message after the demise of his elder brother Chandrahasan ( 82) on Saturday night. " He was a friend, philosopher, brother and a good father. I have failed to fulfil even half of his dreams that he had for me, " wrote Haasan. Notably, Chandrahasan was in charge of Kamal' s home production Raajkamal Films International. 
Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) leader Mohammed Shami was shot dead in Uttar Pradesh' s Allahabad area on Sunday night by two unidentified gunmen who came on a motorbike. The incident took place when Shami was going towards his car parked outside his office. As per reports, the accused fled from the spot after the deceased fell down. ? 
Hotel Hayat Rabbani in Jaipur has been sealed after nearly 100 cow vigilantes protested outside the hotel on Sunday night alleging that beef was served inside. It was also alleged that the hotel staff threw the remnants of the non- vegetarian food in the nearby park. The Jaipur Municipal Corporation claims to have sealed the hotel for not discarding garbage properly. 
Actor Amitabh Bachchan wrote a post on his blog titled ' Death. . . the inevitable end' , following the demise of daughter- in- law Aishwarya Rai' s father Krishnaraj Rai on Saturday. " That call you wait anxiously knowing that it will come, and come it does to end all other calls. . . glimpses of reactions in the mind, of the lost one. . . , " read a part of Bachchan' s post. 
BJP on Monday asserted that the RSS had nothing to do with Yogi Adityanath' s appointment as the Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister. " The RSS ( Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh) never interferes with the selection of chief ministers, " BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu said. He further said it was unfair to criticise the appointment without giving Adityanath a " fair opportunity" to govern. 
Talking about plans on visiting the US, British physicist Stephen Hawking said, " I would like to visit again and to talk to other scientists, but I fear that I may not be welcome. " He added that the country had taken a " definite swing to a rightwing, more authoritarian approach" . The 75- year- old Cambridge scientist also raised concerns over Trump' s environment policy. 
The completion of the Delhi- Meerut expressway has been further postponed to March 2018, an official has said. The official added that 15% of the construction work in segment one has been finished but the bidding process for the second construction package has not been completed yet. The Delhi- Meerut Expressway will reduce travel time from two hours to around 45 minutes. 
Chinese archaeologists have announced the discovery of 10, 000 gold and silver artefacts, including coins and jewellery, that sank to the bottom of a river in Sichuan Province 300 years ago. It is believed soldiers defeated peasant uprising leader Zhang Xianzhong in the area in 1646 while he was transferring his treasure. Around 1, 000 boats carrying valuables sank during the skirmish. 
A parliamentary panel has sought a probe into Kingfisher Airlines' accumulation of high levels of dues to Airports Authority of India, which was in " violation of all existing rules" . At the end of 2016, the airline owed dues worth nearly ? 295 crore to AAI, which have been written off. Notably, Kingfisher Airlines was shut in 2012 due to financial troubles. 
Pakistan Army on Sunday resorted to unprovoked ceasefire violations along the LoC in Balakote area of Poonch in Jammu and Kashmir. Two Pakistani posts, Peer Baba and Shalti, reportedly targetted two Indian posts along the LoC. Reports further claimed that Pakistan was using the ceasefire violation to provide cover fire to allow terrorists to infiltrate into India. 
According to reports, Aamir Khan earned ? 175 crore from his film ' Dangal' owing to the profit- sharing partnership he entered into with co- producers Disney UTV. " While he took ? 35 crore upfront he also took 33 per cent of partnership, " a source was quoted as saying. Aamir will reportedly also take 33 per cent royalty from the film' s earnings in the future. 
Bollywood celebrities including Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan attended the funeral of actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan' s father Krishnaraj Rai. He passed away on Saturday in Mumbai' s Lilavati hospital. Other actors like Kunal Kapoor and Sonali Bendre, veteran actors Simi Garewal and Randhir Kapoor and filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali were also spotted at the funeral. 
A flight lieutenant has been court- martialled by the Indian Air Force after he was caught stealing a wallet on CCTV cameras. The incident had happened in a CSD canteen in Mumbai in 2013. The General Court Martial found the officer guilty and instructed him to pay back ? 531 as the cost of the wallet. 
Embattled Air Costa has seen an exodus of employees, including 40 pilots, in the last few weeks over non- payment of salaries. Air Costa promoters had " promised" to pay pending salaries by March 15, but " failed" to keep their word. Notably, faced with a cash crunch, Air Costa has cancelled bookings till May, and is looking for funds to restart operations. 
A five- legged lamb which was born at a farm in the UK has been named ' Forrest' after Hollywood actor Tom Hanks' character from the 1994 film ' Forrest Gump' . The lamb was named so in the hope that its extra limb gives it the same love of running as the film' s character. " It' s happy- drinking, running around, " said the farm' s owner. 
Eminent economist Heinz D Kurz has said the demonetisation move has opened up new avenues of corruption. Kurz said the move is much too weak and misdirected an instrument to root out corruption. " [ T] he policy. . . has already been abandoned by the government because it turned out to be an attempt akin to striking a rock with an egg, " he added. 
A consumer court has ordered the Indian Railways to pay over ? 1. 3 lakh to a 74- year- old who lost her luggage 14 years ago while travelling to Secunderabad. Radha Ramnathan was carrying valuables including diamonds and gold in her luggage. She claimed there was no chain under her seat to fasten the luggage and many unauthorised passengers had entered the coach. n
Dubai Airports, which manages both the Dubai International and Al Maktoum International airports, has launched the world' s fastest free Wi- Fi service across its terminals with speeds up to 100 Mbps. Called the ' WOW- Fi' , the service provides Wi- Fi speed about ten times faster than many households have in the UAE. Free unlimited Wi- Fi at Dubai airports was launched in December 2016. 
Former Australian batsman Dean Jones has said Aussie fans dislike Virat Kohli as much as ex- England captain Douglas Jardine, who started the Bodyline series in 1932- 33. " Kohli is now Australia' s No. 1 enemy or the ' head of the snake' , as Nathan Lyon put it. . . If Kohli gets under your skin. . . offer the cheeky smile that Sir Donald Bradman offered Jardine, " said Jones. 
The lights in an airplane are dimmed during take off and landing as a precautionary measure to allow passengers' eyes to pre- adjust to lower light, in case of an emergency. It helps people to be aware of their surroundings during an emergency evacuation. Additionally, the emergency markings in the aisle and the exit signs are more visible in the dark. 
The Railways is planning to purchase recycled water from private players to cut down its water bill and save up to ? 400 crore a year, a senior official said. The Railways presently buys water from the states, spending ? 4, 000 crore a year. It is expected to unveil its first- ever water management policy on March 22 ( World Water Day) . 
Ahead of the Jat agitation on March 20, the Delhi Police on Sunday imposed prohibitory orders under CrPC Section 144 across the city to prevent chaos. Furthermore, the metro train services outside Delhi will also remain closed. The police have also issued a traffic advisory on certain routes and have restricted the entry to Lutyens' Delhi. 
Yogi Adityanath ( 44) is a five- time MP from Gorakhpur. Adityanath is also the head priest at the Gorakhnath Temple in his constituency. He is a mathematics graduate and declared assets worth ? 72 lakh in the 2014 elections. As per his poll affidavit, Adityanath has three criminal cases against him, including rioting, promoting enmity between religious groups and attempt to murder. 
Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani on Saturday said it is time we promote reverse brain- drain, adding, " We have more talent knocking at our doors because at the end of the day, har ek ka dil hai Hindustani. " People want to do things for India, Ambani stated. He further added " our brightest and best" should work for benefit of India and Indians. 
Snehlata Panwar, an IAS officer posted in Ajmer district in Rajasthan, became the victim of two chain snatchers on Saturday. " A boy came from behind and snapped at my neck. The moment I looked behind, he had fled away after breaking the chain, " the officer said. The police is scanning through CCTV footage, according to reports. 
Actor Sooraj Pancholi has revealed that he is in a relationship and his current girlfriend is not from the film industry. He added, " She is a nice girl. . . I wanted a simple soul and I guess I have found her. " Sooraj was earlier dating late actress Jiah Khan, who committed suicide by hanging herself in the year 2013. 
McDonald' s has denied reports that financial details of 22 lakh of its Indian customers had been leaked by the company. " Our website and app does not store. . . credit card details, wallets passwords or bank account information, " said a McDonald' s spokesperson. However, the spokesperson urged users to update the McDelivery app on their phones as a " precautionary measure. " 
According to reports, a song penned by actor Sanjay Dutt while he was in prison will be used in his upcoming film ' Torbaaz' . " [ The song] is about a father- daughter relationship. It' s. . . relevant to our film as Sanju' s character loses his child, " the film' s producer was quoted as saying. Dutt will be playing an army officer in the Girish Malik- directorial ' Torbaaz' . 
Pakistani cricketer Salman Butt, who has served jail time and a five- year ban for spot- fixing, says the ICC should consider punishing those who " corrupt the minds of cricketers" . " I have paid heavily for it. . . It is human nature. . . to fall into the trap of greed. Steps are also required to punish individuals who trap players, " said Butt. 
An American business group is organising a two- day conference in Houston on the theme ' Make in India ? The Inside Story' . The conference, which will begin on March 24, will discuss the latest developments and best practices of doing business in India. " The conference is designed to bring various constituencies that have an interest in India together, " the organisers said. 
Former Pakistan all- rounder Shahid Afridi has been appointed the ambassador of Blind Cricket World Cup' s fifth edition. The tournament will be hosted by the Pakistan Blind Cricket Council in the UAE and Pakistan in January 2018. " Afridi is not only an icon in the arena of cricket. . . but also a philanthropist and a role model in social works, " said PBCC Chairman. 
Speaking at the India Today Conclave 2017, President Pranab Mukherjee said, " Four of the five years during the UPA- I the growth rate was more than 8 percent. The base of Indian economy was so strong that it sustained 2008 global economic crisis. " Mukherjee also praised PM Narendra Modi, saying, he has acquired mastery over external affairs. 
BJP President Amit Shah on Friday said he will never accept a job of becoming Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi' s adviser. When asked if he is assured of his party' s victory as long as Congress is led by Rahul, he said, " We don? t depend on our rivals' weakness" . He further added, " We were smart, so we got Goa and Manipur" . 
For the first time in the history of AIIMS, its emergency and OT services were closed on Friday as around 5, 000 nurses went on mass casual leave demanding higher pay. While around 90 surgeries were postponed, several patients were forced to visit other hospitals. The nurses have also threatened to go on an indefinite strike from March 27. 
After facing defeat in recently held Punjab and Goa Assembly elections, AAP Convenor Arvind Kejriwal has written a letter to party cadre, stating " hum honge kamyab" ( We shall overcome) and they should not lose faith. The 65- year- old BJP has not given up in Karnataka, 130- year- old Congress has not given up in Maharashtra, hence there is no reason for us to give up, he wrote. n
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has said that the Election Commission should convene all- party meeting to discuss the matter of EVMs tampering. " I have seen the Election Commissioner' s version that there is nothing. But I have also gone through a video tape of BJP leader Subramanian Swamy in which he says these EVMs can be tampered with, " she added. 
As per reports, actor Salman Khan will fight a pack of wolves for an action scene in his upcoming film ' Tiger Zinda Hai' , the sequel to 2012 film ' Ek Tha Tiger' . According to sources, producer Aditya Chopra wants action sequences in the film to be at par with international standards. The scene will reportedly be shot in Austria. 
Indian fast bowler Umesh Yadav on Friday said that captain Virat Kohli is already batting in the nets and is fit to bat against Australia in the Ranchi test. " Bandage will obviously remain after an injury. But I think he is fit to play. The way he is practising at the nets it seems he is all set to come back, " said Yadav. 
AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi said, " In the battle of Kabristan and Shamshaan in Uttar Pradesh Assembly election, Shamshaan won over Kabristan. " His statement was in reference to Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s remark made during poll campaign that if the Samajwadi Party gives money to construct graveyards ( Kabristan) they should also do so for cremation grounds ( Shamshaan) . 
Speaking about the comparison between the Indian captain Virat Kohli and Australia' s Steve Smith, Sourav Ganguly said, " There will be a time when Virat Kohli will score and Steve Smith will not score runs. " " I think it is just one of those times when one person gets the runs and the other person does not get runs, " Ganguly added. 
India' s sole Olympic individual gold medalist Abhinav Bindra has revealed he was diagnosed with epilepsy in 2014, and battled it during the 2014 Commonwealth Games and 2016 Rio Olympics. Abhinav added, " I did not end up fourth ( at Rio Olympics) because my hands were shaking or because of the condition. I ended up fourth because I was not good enough. " 
Godrej Group Chairman Adi Godrej has said that GST will check tax evasion and reduce unaccounted money in the system, adding that it is now " pay taxes or get out" . Once the GST framework is in place, things will change for the better, he added. Commenting on demonetisation, Godrej said whenever a government has tried to control things, it has failed. 
Key accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, Indrani Mukerjea, on Thursday told a CBI court that she would oppose her son Mikhail' s claim on Sheena' s share of ancestral property. Indrani' s mother, who died in 2015, had in her will left a piece of land, a two- storied house and two other structures in Guwahati for Sheena and her brother Mikhail. 
Scotland' s Muirfield golf course, founded in 1744 and believed to be the oldest in the world, will allow women to attain membership for the first time. The decision reportedly comes after the club lost out on a chance to host the prestigious Open Championship. Women, however, will have to wait for nearly 2- 3 years due to a membership waiting list. 
The trailer of SS Rajamouli directorial ' Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' received 5 crore views across languages Telugu, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam on Facebook and YouTube in 24 hours. According to the film' s makers, it is the most viewed Indian movie trailer in 24 hours. A continuation of ' Baahubali: The Beginning' , the film will star Prabhas and Anushka Shetty in lead roles. n
BJP' s Assam leader Himanta Biswa Sarma, who quit Congress to join BJP, has said Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi has no political knowledge and does not even know where Manipur is on the map of India. " His comments are based on the lines and statements fed to him by others, " Sarma said. " We plan to wrest Tripura from the Left, " he added. n
Over a million Muslims, mostly women, have signed a petition moved by RSS- affiliated Muslim Rashtriya Manch ( MRM) against the practice of triple talaq. " The representatives from the state and the government must come and sit together to start a debate on this so that Muslim women can claim a human status, " the MRM stated. 
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti said, " I have met PM Narendra Modi a few times and I have found that he is open to ideas. He is not authoritative. " Speaking at India Today Conclave, she added, " Contrary to perception and allegations by some, Modi is not centralised. He wants to make a true federal system in the country. " 
Days after the arrest of Father Robin Vadakkumchery in connection with the alleged rape of a minor girl in Kerala' s Kannur, a priest and two nuns accused of covering up the matter surrendered before the police on Friday. The rape survivor gave birth to a child after being raped by the 48- year- old priest, who was arrested on February 28. 
As per an India Today report, the hard disk of Central Vigilance Commission ( CVC) portal crashed on November 28 and the data stored online until that date has been lost as it was not backed up. One of those cases which got deleted pertains to alleged corruption in National Textile Corporation under the Textiles Ministry, now headed by Smriti Irani. 
The Rajkummar Rao starrer ' Trapped' which released on Friday " manages to grippingly hold your attention with. . . an underwhelming setting. . . " , wrote Mid- Day. " The film is compelling but it could have been more cleverly plotted" , wrote NDTV while India Today said " Rajkummar Rao and his terrific act deserve a watch" . It was rated 4/ 5 ( Mid- Day) , 3. 5/ 5 ( NDTV, India Today) . 
The first Indian- origin woman in space, Kalpana Chawla was born on March 17, 1962. Chawla moved to the United States in 1982 and joined NASA in 1988. Describing her first mission in space, she said, " You are just your intelligence" , on experiencing weightlessness. The astronaut died with six crew members on her second mission aboard the Columbia spacecraft in 2003. 
Samajwadi Party ( SP) leader Azam Khan allegedly lashed out at Uttar Pradesh government officials for making him walk on a muddy stretch after his car was stopped from entering Rampur Mandi. " Did Modiji instruct you to make me go through this? " Khan asked the officials. " Is this why I got you transferred. . . You were in a ditch, " Khan further said. 
Two Indian clerics, including the head priest of New Delhi' s Nizamuddin Dargah, have gone missing in Pakistan. Identified as Asif Nizami and Nazim Nizami, the duo had gone to Pakistan to meet their relatives on March 8. They were last seen together at Data Darbar Sufi shrine in Lahore and have been missing since Wednesday evening. 
Former cricketer Sunil Gavaskar has said not much attention needs to be paid to Australian media, since they are an " extension of the team' s support staff" . Gavaskar added the focus now needed to shift to cricket from off- the- field issues surrounding Australia' s tour of India. Indian captain Virat Kohli has been mocked by Australian publications, besides digs at Indian pitches. 
Cricketer- turned- politician Navjot Singh Sidhu was on Thursday inducted as a cabinet minister in the new Congress government in Punjab headed by Chief Minister Amarinder Singh. Sidhu, who joined the Congress party in January, just days ahead of the February 4 assembly elections in Punjab, won the Amritsar East seat with the second- highest margin of over 42, 000 votes, after Amarinder Singh. 
Singer Shreya Ghoshal is set to get a wax figure at the Madame Tussauds in New Delhi. Ghoshal said, " it is an honour to be featured among such talented stars, artists, historians and renowned celebrities. " The wax museum, which will open later this year, will also feature wax figures of Bollywood actors Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan. 
A fan ran onto the pitch and touched former Indian captain MS Dhoni' s feet when he was at the crease, during Jharkhand' s Vijay Hazare Trophy quarter- final match against Vidarbha in Delhi on Wednesday. Dhoni obliged the fan with an autograph before the latter left the field. Throughout the match, the crowd chanted Dhoni' s name at the fall of every wicket. 
The US on Wednesday said it is working with India and Nuclear Supplies Group ( NSG) members to push for New Delhi' s membership to the group. " The United States supports India' s full membership in the four multilateral export control regimes, and we believe that India is ready for NSG membership, " a US State Department spokesperson said. 
Actor Aamir Khan has said that politics is not for him while adding, " I feel there is a lot I can contribute, staying in the creative field that I am in. " Talking further about sharing his opinions on important issues, Aamir said, " I do not think I have been careless in giving my opinion on matters. . . will continue to say what I feel. " 
All restaurants, including five- star hotels, in South Delhi have been directed by a Delhi civic body to make their toilets available to general public, who are not customers, at a fee of ? 5 starting April 1. " The move will be particularly beneficial for women who face problems due to lack of toilets in marketplaces, " the South Delhi Municipal Corporation said. 
A sex tape featuring British- American actress Mischa Barton has been leaked in what is believed to be a case of " revenge pornography" . " She believes. . . she was recorded without her consent by someone she was seeing at the time, " read her attorney' s statement. Legal action has been threatened against those attempting to earn money by using the photos and videos. 
Raj Babbar has offered to resign from the post of Uttar Pradesh Congress chief after the poor performance of his political party in Assembly elections. " I could not live up to the expectation. I was given responsibility but I could not fulfil it, I accept it, " he said. Notably, the Congress won just seven of the 105 seats it contested. 
Actress Vidya Balan, who will be seen mouthing expletives in her upcoming film ' Begum Jaan' , has said that she was comfortable with it as it was the demand of the character. " All the abuses which I cannot give otherwise, I said it here, " she added jokingly. Vidya will be seen playing the role of a brothel owner in the film. 
Former UP minister Gayatri Prajapati, who was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly raping a woman and attempting to rape her daughter, said, " This is a conspiracy against me. I am ready for narco test. " Prajapati further said, " The woman and me both should be put through narco test. I am being framed by rivals but I have full faith in country' s judicial system. " 
Indian captain Virat Kohli is willing to put Steve Smith' s DRS controversy behind him. " A lot has been given into the DRS incident I feel and it is time we focus on the remainder of the series, " Kohli said. " One side will say one thing and other will say another and that just takes the focus away from cricket, " Kohli added. 
The sets of filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali' s upcoming film ' Padmavati' were vandalised and set on fire by 40- 50 unidentified men in Kolhapur, Maharashtra on Tuesday night. A few cars parked outside the sets were also damaged. A report was filed with the police on Wednesday morning, and a few people have been arrested in connection to the case. n
Actress Rakhi Sawant said that as a child, she used condoms in place of water balloons while playing Holi. " [ W] e would fill condoms with coloured water and use them instead. I did not know what condoms were back then, so I played with them a lot, " she added. This year, she celebrated Holi in white attire and a neon wig. 
Theatre actor Malavika Mohanan will be playing the leading role in Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi' s upcoming film ' Beyond The Clouds' , which is set in India. It is said to be a story about a brother- sister relationship. Earlier, there were reports that Deepika Padukone had auditioned for the role. The film also marks the debut of Shahid Kapoor' s half- brother Ishaan Khattar. 
ShopClues board has backed Co- founders Radhika Aggarwal and Sanjay Sethi in the ongoing battle between the third Co- founder Sandeep Aggarwal against the two. " We' re proud of the fantastic progress made by the ShopClues team under Radhika and Sanjay' s leadership, " said a ShopClues board statement. " It' s disappointing to see an ex- founder engaged in personal vendetta on a public forum, " it added. 
Speaking in the Parliament on the race attacks on Indians in the United States, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Wednesday said the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI) is investigating the hate crimes. " I have talked to the families of Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Deep Rai. I have also raised these issues with the highest authorities in the US, " she added. 
An anonymous user in a Reddit post accused AIB' s Rohan Joshi of molesting her by forcefully kissing ' her' , then verbally abusing and groping ' her breast' . However, the user in another post claimed that Rohan was a great guy and the earlier post was only to show that the anonymous woman, who alleged TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar of molestation, is fake. 
Senior BJP leader Sushil Modi has claimed that Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar will not complete his tenure as the grand alliance of JD( U) and RJD is divided after the BJP' s landslide victory in Uttar Pradesh. His remark came after RJD leader Raghuvansh Prasad Singh criticised Nitish stating that by not contesting UP polls, JD( U) had silently supported the BJP. 
The Madras High Court on Tuesday said that due to easy availability of tobacco in Tamil Nadu, the state may become another Punjab. The court also asked the concerned authorities to take preventive measures to check the problem. The court further directed to furnish details of the raids conducted by the authorities each month and results of such raids periodically. 
Krishnamurthy, a resident of Erode in Tamil Nadu, has filed a complaint with the state' s Chief Secretary claiming that he is the only son of Jayalalithaa and that his mother was killed. " She ( Sasikala) pushed my mother down the stairs on 22nd September and killed her, " Krishnamurthy alleged. Krishnamurthy also stated that he is the rightful heir to Jayalalithaa' s properties. 
The RBI has told the Delhi High Court it wants to take a fresh look into the $ 1. 18 billion arbitral award granted to NTT DoCoMo for Tata Sons' alleged breach of agreement. The court, however, did not agree with RBI, saying there was no point in going over it again. It further said, " In every private award, RBI cannot step in. " 
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Tuesday ordered authorities to take immediate action against blasphemous content on the social media and punish the perpetrators. " Those behind this heinous crime should be dealt with, without any delay, " Sharif said. He also asked the relevant departments to approach international social media platforms to put the blasphemous content off the internet. 
Employers may bar staff from wearing visible religious symbols, including women wearing Islamic headscarves at work, European Court of Justice ruled on Tuesday. However, customers cannot demand that workers remove headscarves if the company has no policy barring religious symbols, it stated. Notably, this is the EU court' s first decision on the issue of women wearing Islamic headscarves at work. 
Aamir Khan has featured in Bollywood films, which were the first to earn ? 100 crore, ? 200 crore and ? 300 crore at box office. While ' Ghajini' was the first film to earn ? 100 crore, ' 3 Idiots' was the first ? 200 crore film. Aamir, who turned 52 on Tuesday, also featured in ' PK' , which became the first film to earn ? 300 crore. 
Actor Jackie Shroff, while responding to filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma' s tweet on Women' s Day regarding actress Sunny Leone, said that Varma is a big boy and the tweet reflects his thinking. He added, " He knows what he is talking about. . . But I will not say such a thing about a lady. " Varma had apologised after being called sexist for his tweet. 
Former Australian all- rounder Shane Watson, who has played alongside Virat Kohli for the Royal Challengers Bangalore, has said that the Indian skipper' s captaincy is like an iron- fisted dictatorship. Watson also said that he admires the way Kohli rallies behind his troops on the field and how he expects the best from the team just like he does from himself. 
South African captain Faf du Plessis has been left " surprised" after neither Steve Smith nor Virat Kohli was charged by ICC over the Bengaluru Test DRS row. Du Plessis said he was surprised because he was charged by ICC over an alleged ball- tampering offence in November last year, which according to him was " a lot smaller and a lot lesser" . 
Actress Priyanka Chopra celebrated Holi with TV host Jimmy Fallon on his talk show. Priyanka, who appeared on the show for the third time, said playing Holi with Fallon was fun and made her a " little less homesick" . She later celebrated the festival with her friends and team in her apartment in New York. 
Actress Vidya Balan slammed a man for allegedly misbehaving with her at the Kolkata airport. The man, who had asked her for a selfie, reportedly put his arm around her despite her objection. " When a stranger puts an arm around you, be it a man or a woman, you get uncomfortable. . . We are public figures, not public property, " said Vidya. 
Former Indian batsmen VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid constructed a 376- run stand against Australia on March 14, 2001, which is widely considered one of Test cricket' s best partnerships in a follow- on innings. Laxman went on to score 281 runs, India' s then highest individual Test score, helping India end Australia' s 16- match- long world record winning streak. 
Vishwajit Rane, Congress MLA from Valpoi and leader of opposition in the outgoing Goa Assembly, has announced he is quitting the party. Rane slammed the way Congress failed to form a majority in Goa despite emerging as the single- largest party with 17 seats. He said, " Certain senior leaders should be hanged, those who scuttled the demands of the Goa Forward. " 
A 28- year- old mother- of- two jumped off a first- floor Delhi apartment on Sunday after she was allegedly abducted and gang- raped by five men, said the police. The police have arrested the accused, who claimed she was into prostitution and had fixed a " deal" with them. Police officers said, " she has changed her statement twice, " and that a medical examination has confirmed rape. 
The Bharatiya Janata Party will announce the Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister on March 16. This comes after BJP parliamentary board met on Sunday and nominated Anil Jain and Kailash Vijayvargiya as observers for a BJP legislative party meeting convened in Uttar Pradesh. The BJP won UP elections with a massive majority, winning 325 of the 403 seats. 
Outgoing Uttar Pradesh CM Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday said, " Our struggle will continue, " adding that the Samajwadi Party was not only a party but an ideology. He told party workers, " You all should reach out to people and strengthen the party again. " The Samajwadi Party will devise a new strategy after a meeting with MLAs and party candidates, he added. 
La Liga defending champions Barcelona followed up their 6- 1 comeback win against PSG in the Champions League with Sunday' s 2- 1 loss against Deportivo La Coruña. An error by Marc- André ter Stegen helped former Real Madrid youth trainee Mato Joselu score the opener in the 40th minute. Luis Suárez equalised in the 46th minute before Deportivo defender Álex Bergantiños' 74th- minute match- winner. 
Goa Governor Mridula Sinha today appointed Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar as the Chief Minister of Goa. Parrikar has been asked to prove majority within 15 days after taking oath with the swearing in ceremony likely to be held on Tuesday. Notably, BJP was the second largest party behind Congress in a fractured mandate in the Goa assembly elections. n
Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger has said that he thinks US President Donald Trump is in love with him. Schwarzenegger made this comment on a radio show, when he was asked as to why Trump is fixated on him. Earlier, Schwarzenegger had announced that he would not return as the host of ' The Celebrity Apprentice' , which was previously produced by Trump Productions. 
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar posted a message online commending the parties that won the Assembly elections in the five states. Analysing the results, the JD( U) leader stated that the Opposition should not have raised such a hue and cry over demonetisation as the poor felt content that the exercise had hurt the rich. 
West Indies cricketer Marlon Samuels has said he would want to be a part of the Pakistan Army, after playing the Pakistan Super League final in Lahore last week. In a video, Samuels said, " I am a Pakistani at heart. . . I would not mind coming to Pakistan if I get a metallic badge on my shoulder. I am just waiting for the metals. " 
Congress leader Captain Amarinder Singh will take oath as the Chief Minister of Punjab on March 16, after he led his party to victory in the Punjab elections, winning 77 of 117 seats. Stating that Prime Minister Narendra Modi had talked to him after the election results, Singh said PM Modi promised to help him with the state. 
The I- T Department has received responses from 8. 38 lakh persons out of the 18 lakh SMS and email queries sent to people for suspicious deposits post demonetisation. The department sent queries to 17. 92 lakh people whose tax profiles were " not in line" with their cash deposits. The department had sought online responses on sources of cash deposited by these people. 
Actress Huma Qureshi has slammed body- shamers in an advertisement for a clothing brand. " Body shaming is as harmful as anything else; as an actor you. . . have to have a really thick hide, " she said. Huma added, " Whoever I am today is because of the fact that I do not fit in. . . Who wants to blend in when they can stand out? " 
The Goa BJP MLAs, in the state' s party legislature meeting on Sunday, passed a resolution to make Union Minister Manohar Parrikar as state Chief Minister. The MLAs have also written a letter to BJP President Amit Shah requesting him to send Parrikar back to Goa. BJP has reportedly claimed to have got support from Goa Forward Party and MGP. 
Congress which contested on 105 seats in UP could manage to win only seven seats, which are less than the number of seats won by BJP ally Apna Dal ( Soneylal) . Notably, Apna Dal ( Soneylal) had contested on 11 seats and won 9 of them. Anupriya Patel, President of Apna Dal ( Soneylal) , is a minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi Cabinet. 
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh will not be celebrating Holi this year in view of Maoist attack in Sukma that took place on Saturday and claimed the lives of 12 Indian jawans. The incident had occurred in the dense forests near Kottacheru village in south Bastar region when 112 CRPF personnel were out for a road opening task. 
According to reports, actors Ajay Devgn and Nana Patekar will collaborate on a Marathi film. The film, which is believed to be a thriller, will be reportedly produced by Devgn and directed by Satish Rajwade. " It will also feature a few other leading Marathi actors with whom we are in talks with, " Satish was quoted as saying. 
Winning 56 seats in Uttarakhand elections, the BJP on Saturday became the first ever political party to win over 50 seats in the 70- member assembly. Ever since the state' s formation in 2000, the highest number of seats won by any party in Uttarakhand was 36 by the Congress in 2002. Notably, a repoll has been ordered in the Lohaghat constituency. 
Comedian- turned- politician and AAP leader Bhagwant Mann lost to Punjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal by 18, 500 votes. The Shiromani Akali Dal leader won over 75, 000 votes while Mann could manage just around 56, 000 votes. Sukhbir Singh' s father and outgoing CM Parkash Singh Badal defeated Congress' Chief Ministerial candidate Captain Amarinder Singh from the Lambi seat. 
Indian National Congress could manage to win only two of the ten Assembly seats in Amethi and Raebareli parliamentary constituencies, considered strongholds of the Gandhi family. Six of the Assembly seats went to Bharatiya Janata Party while Samajwadi Party won the remaining two. It was a complete washout for the Congress in Rahul Gandhi' s Amethi Lok Sabha constituency. 
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis on Saturday inaugurated the first floating hotel or floatel in Mumbai. AB Celestial, a three- tier yacht featuring restaurants and a sky deck, is harboured near Bandra- Worli Sea Link toll plazas. " The floatel will give a 360- degree view of Mumbai and the Arabian Sea and has a capacity to cater to around 650 guests, " an official said. 
The Aam Aadmi Party failed to win a single seat in the recently concluded Goa Assembly elections. The AAP' s vote share in its electoral debut in Goa was the fifth- highest at 6. 3% . A fractured mandate was delivered for the 40- member Goa Assembly, with Congress emerging as the largest party with 17 seats, closely followed by BJP with 13 seats. 
The Congress party has registered a landslide victory in Punjab Assembly elections, winning 77 seats in the 117- member house. Congress garnered over 38% of the total vote share. The Aam Aadmi Party ( 23% vote share) had the second- highest number of seats in the house but the incumbent Shiromani Akali Dal stood second in terms of vote share at 25% . 
Cricketer- turned- politician and Congress leader Navjot Singh Sidhu won from the Amritsar ( East) constituency by over 42, 000 votes. While reacting to his party' s victory, Sidhu said this is the revival of Congress, and this was just the beginning. " Congress will spread from here, " Sidhu said. Notably, Sidhu had switched sides from BJP and joined the Congress ahead of the Assembly elections. 
A new poster of ' Baahubali 2' , featuring the characters Baahubali as a child and Kattappa, has been unveiled. The new poster shows Kattappa, portrayed by Sathyaraj, stabbing the grown up Baahubali, played by Prabhas. " The boy he raised, the man he killed, " tweeted the film' s director SS Rajamouli while sharing the poster. 
Indian tennis player Rohan Bopanna and his Uruguayan partner Pablo Cuevas lost 2- 6, 6- 3, 7- 10 against world number two Novak Djokovic and partner Viktor Troicki at the ATP Indian Wells Masters in California on Saturday. Bopanna and his partner, who won just one match at the Australian Open this year, were playing their third tournament together this season. 
The government and industry should share the responsibility for creating an environment that fosters innovators and helps them take ideas to the market, Ratan Tata said. " India has been a country which has created many innovators many of who have to go abroad to fulfil their dreams, " Tata stated. Start- ups and innovation are terms which connote enormous profits, he added. 
BJP MP Yogi Adityanath on Saturday said that the massive mandate which the people of Uttar Pradesh have given to BJP indicates that voters have rejected the politics of Muslims' appeasement. " BJP' s campaign was full of positivity but those by the SP- Congress alliance and BSP focused on Muslims' appeasement, " he alleged. 
World' s oldest known crocodile eggs laid some 15. 2 crore years ago have been discovered in Portugal. The crocodile ancestor from the late Jurassic era is believed to be two metres long based on the size of the eggs. The eggs found during excavations of a dinosaur nest near Lisbon extends knowledge of eggs by four crore years, said a palaeontologist. 
IT services major Infosys became the first India- registered company to be listed on NASDAQ on March 11, 1999. Infosys Technologies was also the first Indian company to be added to the NASDAQ- 100 index, which lists 100 largest non- financial stocks in terms of market capitalisation. NASDAQ is the second- largest stock exchange in the world by market capitalisation. 
The Kashtbhanjan Temple in Gujarat is selling a pen set it claims will help students pass their exams. It said it will offer a full refund if the student fails even after using the pen set, which costs ? 1, 900. A handbill issued by the temple said the pens were made using the divinity acquired by performing a Hanuman Saraswati Yagya. 
BJP MP Subramanian Swamy on Friday said that the former PM Jawaharlal Nehru' s sole contribution to the Constitution was the controversial Article 370. Taking potshots at JNU, Swamy further said that Nehru has left students of JNU as his political successors. " They ( JNU students) encourage people who throw stones at our soldiers in Kashmir, " he added. n
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has informed the Parliament that as many as 74 missing defence personnel, including 54 prisoners of war, are believed to be in Pakistani jails. Swaraj added that their release has repeatedly been taken up through diplomatic channels. However, Pakistan has not acknowledged the presence of any Indian prisoner of war in its custody, Swaraj stated. 
Erstwhile Congress leader Jagdambika Pal, who is currently a BJP MP, once served as the Uttar Pradesh CM for barely 48 hours from February 21 to February 23, 1998. This happened amid the Ayodhya crisis and reservation issue in the state during 1989- 2007. The state saw as many as 10 CMs and three phases of President' s Rule during this period. 
Actress Rakhi Sawant has said that women should take coaching classes on how to give pleasure. " Whatever Ram Gopal Varma said is right. I am with him, where he has praised Sunny Leone, " said Rakhi. Earlier on Women' s Day, RGV had tweeted, " I wish all the women in the world give men as much happiness as Sunny Leone gives. " 
A Private Member' s Bill has been introduced in the Lok Sabha to make the teaching of Bhagvad Gita compulsory in all educational institutions. The bill was moved by BJP member Ramesh Bidhuri. This was among the 103 Private Member' s Bills tabled in the Lok Sabha on Friday. One of the bills sought to prohibit spitting and urinating around public places. 
A six- month- old medical report from a mohalla clinic in Delhi showing an abnormally high blood sugar level of 9, 481. 7 mg/ dl for a patient, has gone viral on social media. The AAP government has however dismissed the report as " forged" , saying such messages are being spread to discredit the system. The normal level is usually less than 140 mg/ dl, post meals. 
Fifty- three Indian fishermen were released from a Sri Lankan jail on Friday, days after the two countries decided to release fishermen in each other' s custody. The move was aimed at defusing tension following the killing of an Indian fisherman allegedly by the Sri Lankan navy. Another 32 Indian fishermen are still in custody in Vuvuniya jail, Fishery Ministry officials said. 
Slamming Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal and PM Narendra Modi, retired Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju said, " Kejriwal is a cunning ambitious fraud with nothing in his head, and no different from that fraud Modi. " He further said, " Many people are still under illusions about him ( Kejriwal) , but the time will come when their eyes will be opened to the truth. " 
A beta version of WhatsApp shows that the messaging application is working on bringing back the text status feature it had ditched for photo and video status updates that expire in 24 hours. The beta update, which is only available for Android testers currently, shows text status updates working the same way as before alongside the new status feature. 
Air India has grounded 34 cabin crew members, including 30 air hostesses, due to high Body Mass Index, the government said. Cabin crew who are in the obese category are grounded to enable them to attain prescribed limits, Union Minister Jayant Sinha said. Notably, cabin crew members found overweight are deemed temporarily unfit and given three months to reduce weight. n
Former Pakistan leg- spinner Danish Kaneria, serving a life ban for spot- fixing, has appealed to the cricket authorities to have his case revisited by the inquiry tribunal set- up to probe into the allegations against Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif. Kaneria said his case was decided in the UK and he remained unsatisfied with the way the hearings were heard. n
Former Argentina captain Diego Maradona will become the ambassador of the Chinese Super League, the former footballer announced on Instagram on Thursday. The 16- club league reportedly saw over ? 2, 591 crore ( £ 320 million) being spent on transfers, but matches failed to draw spectators. Ex- Chelsea players Oscar and Ramires, and ex- Manchester City player Carlos Tevez are playing in the tournament. 
A 26- year- old Georgian woman has been arrested for allegedly ramming her car twice into a truck carrying chickens, smashing its license plate. Judith Armstrong, who was tracked down by the police after she fled the scene, said she hit the vehicle because she was vegan. She faces charges of hit- and- run, aggressive driving and obstruction. 
A police officer in Bihar' s Darbhanga area, Inspector Prabhat Shankar Singh, got his own son arrested on charges of liquor smuggling in the state ahead of Holi festival. As per reports, the policeman' s son had smuggled 25 bottles of foreign liquor into the dry state to sell it at a high price in order to make a huge profit. 
West Bengal Education Minister Partha Chatterjee has said that over 100 schools have been served show cause notice following allegations of attempt to influence innocent minds through teachings that might promote religious intolerance. The government had taken note of such activities taking place in some schools, particularly in parts of north Bengal and North 24 Parganas district, he added. 
The Delhi government has decided to bear the medical treatment expenses of victims of road accidents, burns and acid attacks in private hospitals. " Our aim is to save as many lives as possible. Precious hours are lost when police commute long distances to take the victims to a government hospital, " Delhi? s Health Minister Satyendar Jain has said. 
A day after exit polls predicted victory for the BJP in Uttar Pradesh, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Friday said, " We will win in Uttar Pradesh. Exit polls projections in Bihar were wrong. " He further said, " We will talk on 11 March. I am not giving any opinion on the opinion polls. " 
BCCI has agreed to withdraw its complaint filed with the ICC against Australian captain Steve Smith and Peter Handscomb over the DRS incident. The decision was taken following the meeting between BCCI CEO Rahul Johri and Cricket Australia CEO James Sutherland on Thursday. Both the boards agreed that it was necessary to bring the focus back to the game. 
A 55- year- old woman named Nirmal Kaur, along with her 32- year- old son Kulwinder Singh, reportedly sacrificed her own grandchildren to free them from ' evil spirits' . While sacrificing the girl and boy, aged five and three, to achieve a degree of tantra, Kaur assured her daughter- in- law that they would come back to life. Kaur and Singh were arrested for practising witchcraft. 
Malayalam actress Bhavana got engaged to Kannada film producer Naveen in a private ceremony in Thrissur on Thursday. Trade analyst Ramesh Bala took to Twitter to share a picture from the ceremony, which was also attended by actresses Manju Warrier and Samyuktha Varma. The couple reportedly met on the sets of 2012 Kannada film ' Romeo' , which was produced by Naveen. 
Actor- singer Diljit Dosanjh' s concert in Delhi University' s Hansraj College was stopped midway after a leak occurred in a cylinder near the stage. Following this, the audience was asked to evacuate the area, which resulted in a stampede. The crowd had reportedly broken barricades and gathered around the stage. Some students also suffered injuries during the stampede. 
A statue of a young girl staring down the bronze Charging Bull came up on Wall Street, New York ahead of International Women' s Day on Wednesday. ' The Fearless Girl' statue says, " Know the power of women in leadership. SHE makes a difference. " It was installed by State Street Global Advisors to encourage companies to increase the number of women directors. 
China' s Parliament has approved President Xi Jinping as the core leader, elevating him to a status higher than others in the ruling Communist Party of China' s collective leadership system. The core leader status, that had earlier been approved by the Communist Party, puts him at par with party founder Mao Zedong reinforcing his hold over all the organs of power. 
Sports Minister Vijay Goel announced on International Women' s Day that the Ministry will soon set up a panel to tackle grievances of female athletes. The panel will include athletes, advocates and senior officials of the Ministry apart from a woman sports journalist, under the Chairmanship of Joint Secretary ( Sports) . " The ministry follows a zero- tolerance policy on sexual harassment, " Goel said. 
Congress President Sonia Gandhi' s son- in- law Robert Vadra took to Facebook to slam Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal saying that the AAP convener should stop inciting people against him. ' Robert Vadra' seems to be the most referred name in the dictionary of the Delhi CM, he further wrote in his post. Vadra also asked Kejriwal to speak to him directly. 
Qatar Airways is planning to set up an airline in India, its CEO Akbar Al Baker announced on Wednesday. He said, " We are joining hands with the investment arm of State of Qatar to start a domestic airline in India with a 100% investment, " but is yet to apply. Last year, India allowed 100% FDI in the airlines segment. 
Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma on the occasion of International Women' s Day tweeted, " I wish all the women in the world give men as much happiness as Sunny Leone gives. " After users slammed RGV over the tweet, he further wrote, " The negative noise towards my tweet on @ SunnyLeone arises from ultimate hypocrisy. She has more honesty. . . more self respect than any woman. " 
India and other G4 nations have offered to forgo their veto power if granted permanent membership in a reformed Security Council. " The issue of veto is important, but we should not allow it to have a veto over the process of Council reform itself, " said India' s Permanent Representative to the UN Syed Akbaruddin. 
Father of Saifullah, the slain ISIS terror accused in the Lucknow shootout, has refused to accept his son' s body, saying what his son has done was not in the country' s interest. " We will not take the body of a traitor, " Saifullah' s father Sartaj added. During the encounter, Saifullah' s family had asked him to surrender, but he did not listen. 
Kansas Governor Sam Brownback has written a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressing " profound regret" over violence against Indian nationals in the state. Further, Brownback added that acts of hate and intolerance have no place in his state. Earlier, Srinivas Kuchibhotla was killed while another Indian, Alok Madasani, was injured in a shooting at a bar in Kansas. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday said that female foeticide cannot be allowed to take place and villages with women sarpanchs can help in ending this menace. He further said that women have broken so many myths and have shown how a positive change has begun in rural India. Modi was honouring sarpanchs who have contributed towards Clean India movement. 
Former Australian captain Michael Clarke has said that it was unacceptable if Australia were seeking help from outside the field for the DRS. " The fact that Handscomb even thought of asking the Australian skipper to turn around and look to the support staff, I have got my concerns" , Clarke added about the incident. 
Following criticism from Opposition for making Aadhaar number mandatory for students to avail mid- day meals, the government has said that the benefits will continue based on alternate means of identification. The schools will have to get the children enrolled under Aadhaar but until a number is assigned, the children will continue to get the benefits, it added. 
The Molinari Caffe cafe in California, United States has launched a wine- infused coffee. The Molinari Private Reserve spent over two years developing the combination of a house- made red wine and coffee beans. The coffee, which costs $ 19. 95 for a half- pound bag, can be consumed as a cold coffee or latte, among others. 
A study by World Wildlife Fund has found that at least three systems of traditional medicine in India - Siddha, Ayurveda and Unani - prescribe peacock parts in various potions. It stated that the practice is being followed by frauds and hospitals, including those funded by the ministry of AYUSH, in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Gujarat, and Rajasthan. 
Campaigning for Congress ahead of MCD polls, party Vice- President Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday accused both PM Narendra Modi and CM Arvind Kejriwal of wasting time of people of the country and the national capital. He further accused Modi and Kejriwal of running " individual- centric" governments and " causing losses" to the country. Congress governments echo voice of every countryman, he added. 
MS Dhoni shared tips with cricketers from Jammu and Kashmir after playing against them in the Vijay Hazare Trophy on Monday. Dhoni, leading Jharkhand, was requested by India teammate and J& K skipper Parvez Rasool to interact with the boys. " I told him few youngsters want to meet him for five minutes and within no time he obliged us, " said Rasool. 
The anti- terror operation in Lucknow, which lasted for almost 11 hours, ended on Wednesday after the body of suspected Islamic State terrorist was recovered from the house where he had been holed up. The man, identified as Saifullah, was suspected of being involved in the explosion on an Ujjain- Bhopal train in Madhya Pradesh which injured nine people. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday inaugurated India' s longest cable- bridge in Bharuch, Gujarat, which is 1, 344 metres long and 22. 8 metres wide. The bridge, built by Larsen and Toubro on river Narmada, has 216 cables of 25- 40 metres length. The ? 379 crore project has a 17. 4- metre wide four- lane road, a three- metre wide footpath, and over 400 LED lights. 
Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) chief Pahlaj Nihalani has slammed the film ' Rangoon' for breaching the law by not showing the censor certificate before its screening in theatres. The CBFC was also informed that anti- smoking short films are not being played during the film even though it has scenes featuring substance abuse. " These are serious offences, " said Nihalani. 
Television show host Kapil Sharma has announced that he will donate his eyes after he met the team members of India' s Blind T20 team. The team defeated Pakistan to win T20 World Cup for the Blind on February 12. " If someone can see the world with my eyes when I am gone, I will feel very good about it, " said Kapil. 
A blast took place on Tuesday morning in a Bhopal- Ujjain passenger train in Madhya Pradesh near Javdi station, injuring at least eight people. Two coaches were damaged in the blast and were separated from the train which later left for its onward journey. An inquiry has been ordered into the incident to ascertain the nature and cause of the blast. 
Following the successful staging of the Pakistan Super League final, the International Cricket Council will be sending a World XI team to Lahore in September for a four- match T20 series against Pakistan. The tournament, called ' The Independence Cup' , will be held to make efforts for the re- introduction of top- level cricket to Pakistan after an eight- year hiatus. 
The Maharashtra government had spent ? 8 crore from Contingency Fund to meet publicity expenses of PM Narendra Modi' s programmes organised to inaugurate various projects. Notably, Contingency Fund is a reserve of money kept for unforeseen future expenses. The PWD stated that the amount was withdrawn from Contingency Fund since the expenditure was of an " urgent nature" . 
Criticising the UP Chief Minister, BJP MP Yogi Adityanath on Monday said that parents will now desist from naming their sons Akhilesh. " Akhilesh did what Aurangzeb and Kans did not do, " he further alleged. He also accused the UP government of patronising terrorists, anti- socials and rapists. " Whatever scheme the government ran, it was only for a particular community, " he added. 
Actor Tusshar Kapoor, while speaking about filmmaker Karan Johar becoming father to twins via surrogacy, said that he will be an excellent father. " He' s loving; he is a giver and a complete family man. . . After the relationship with his parents, this will be the closest to his heart, " he added. Tusshar became a father to a boy via surrogacy last year. 
An air ambulance of the Gurugram- based Medanta Hospital has crash landed near Bangkok on Monday after catching fire while in air. The aircraft' s pilot Arunaksha Nandy passed away and two doctors onboard were admitted to the ICU at the Bangkok Hospital, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj tweeted. Two others on board the aircraft suffered minor injuries, she added. 
An Indian fisherman was shot dead on Monday by the Sri Lankan Navy off the coast of Tamil Nadu. The Sri Lankan Navy had opened fire at a group of more than 2, 000 fishermen while they were fishing between Danushkodi and Katchatheevu. Four other fishermen have sustained injuries in the incident. 
Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Monday clarified he had not said that he will turn Delhi into London, but to make the city as clean as London while keeping its unique cultural ethos intact. " When we go to western countries including London, we see a high level of cleanliness there. Delhi will be made as clean as London, " he added. 
Sunil Gavaskar became the first batsman to register 10, 000 runs in Test cricket on March 7, 1987. Batting against Pakistan in Ahmedabad, Gavaskar, needing 58 runs to reach the milestone, scored 63 runs in India' s first innings. The batsman went on to register 10, 122 runs in his Test career before retiring after his 125th Test match. 
Oscars producer Michael De Luca said that Warren Beatty, who was given the wrong envelope resulting in La La Land' s announcement as Best Picture at Oscars, was the night' s unsung hero. He added, " He was showing co- presenter Faye Dunaway the card, like, ' I think a mistake' s been made here. ' " They' re heroes and completely in the clear for me, he added. 
INS Viraat, which holds a Guinness world record for being the oldest surviving aircraft carrier in the world, retired from service on Monday. INS Viraat was first commissioned in the Indian Navy on May 12, 1987, after the Indian government bought it for ? 433 crore. Before 1987, the aircraft carrier had served the United Kingdom' s Royal Navy for 27 years. 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India' s ( SEBI) former Chairman UK Sinha said that at the start of his tenure, people would introduce him as the chairperson of SBI ( State Bank of India) . However, " Today, you go to a small village in India and they know SEBI, " he stated. Sinha' s six- year tenure as SEBI Chairman ended last week. 
The Pakistani Rangers had reportedly asked the Border Security Force ( BSF) to install the 360- foot tall Indian flag away from the Attari border as they fear it could be used for spying purposes. Notably, India has hoisted the tallest tricolour in the country at the Attari border. Pakistan had earlier called it a violation of international treaties. 
The Supreme Court on Monday favoured a speedier joint trial against people involved in the Babri Masjid demolition and said it will not accept dropping of charges against LK Advani and others on technical grounds. The SC is likely to give its final ruling on the matter in the next hearing on March 22 wherein the politicians may face trials. 
The Padmini Palace in Chittorgarh Fort was on Sunday vandalised by the Karni Sena members who also broke the mirrors hanging from its walls. The members of the group claimed that mirrors were not in existence during Padmavati' s era and were put up much later. The group also rejected claims that Allaudin Khilji had seen Padmavati' s face through a mirror. 
After US President Donald Trump accused Barack Obama of wiretapping, House of Cards creator Beau Willimon took to Twitter to state that Trump' s account should be removed from the micro- blogging site. Adding that presidency comes with great responsibility, Willimon wrote that Trump' s tweets pose a national security threat as they embolden enemies to take advantage of his " flagrant shortcomings" . 
A woman and her brother- in- law were reportedly tonsured and paraded in Machriyawan village in Bihar after a few members of the Dalit community passed the diktat over a suspicion of an illicit relation between them. The police have arrested two persons Jageshwar and Rajdev in connection with this case while three women accused are still at large. 
Campaigning for Aam Aadmi Party ahead of MCD polls, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday said that if his party will come to power in the MCD, then they will make the city like London. Cleaning the city is not Delhi government' s responsibility, but MCD' s responsibility, he said. " Delhi government gave MCD ? 2, 800 crore, " he added. 
Quoting writer Mark Twain in Varanasi on Sunday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, " ' Our Benaras is older than history, older than tradition. " " It is my dream to bring the whole country forward, including Purvanchal. If we do so, it will not take long for us to progress, " Modi added. The leader also reiterated his slogan of ' Sabka saath, sabka vikas' . 
Following a request by the Muslim Women' s Sport Foundation, England' s Amateur Swimming Association has allowed female swimmers to wear burkinis in amateur competitions. The outfit was previously banned as it was said to have performance- enhancing characteristics since it streamlined the shape of the body. However, swimmers will have to get their burkinis approved by a referee before competing. 
Tata Steel may be considering breaking off talks over a planned merger of its European business with German conglomerate Thyssenkrupp, reports claimed. The merger talks had been revealed by Tata last year as part of a major restructuring of its UK steel business. Notably, such a deal could potentially lead to the formation of a European steel giant. 
Rajasthan BJP MLA Shreeram Bhincher refused to pay the toll on the Jaipur- Nagaur Highway and entered into an altercation with a toll plaza employee, according to India Today. The BJP leader reportedly pushed away the employee when he came in front of his vehicle and said he is ready to fight, but the vehicles will go like this only. 
A BJP MP has moved a private member' s bill in the Lok Sabha, seeking reservation of five seats in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha for residents of Gilgit and Pakistan- occupied Kashmir ( PoK) regions. The MP expects the bill to be taken up during the second phase of the Budget Session of Parliament starting from March 9. 
Jammu and Kashmir saw a three- fold increase in cases of rioting and a substantial rise in arson cases in 2016, according to the state police data. Kashmir witnessed as many as 3, 404 cases of rioting in 2016 as compared to 1, 157 such cases in 2015. Similarly, 267 cases of arson were registered in 2016 as against 147 in 2015. 
The Income Tax Department has provisionally attached assets, amounting to ? 33 crore, allegedly purchased by AAP Minister Satyendar Jain. The assets attached under the Benami Prohibition Transactions Act include more than 100 bighas of land and shares worth ? 16 crore. Jain has denied the allegations by saying, " my name has been wrongly dragged to create a false impression. " 
Amid reports of security breach of Aadhaar data, the Unique Identification Authority of India has assured personal data of individuals is " fully safe and secure" . Reports claimed Aadhaar data was breached and biometrics were misused for creation of parallel databases. The agency, however, asserted there has been " no. . . misuse of Aadhaar biometrics leading to identity theft and financial loss" . 
Indians are a valuable community of Kansas and they are welcome in the state, Governor Sam Brownback has told Indian diplomats and community members. The statement comes after Indian engineer Srinivas Kuchibhotla was killed in a shooting in a Kansas City bar earlier this week. " The hateful actions of one man does not define us, " the Governor added. 
Flipkart is looking to hire up to 30% more people in 2017 compared to last year, according to homegrown e- commerce major' s Chief Operating Officer Nitin Seth. Flipkart reportedly hired about 1, 500 people last year and 10, 000 temporary staffers for logistics. According to research firm RedSeer, the Indian e- commerce industry witnessed a 12% growth in 2016 compared to 180% in 2015. 
As per reports, two women living in Hyderabad were divorced by their respective US- based husbands over instant messaging mobile application WhatsApp. The women have lodged a police complaint in Hyderabad against their husbands, who are brothers. " Sharia law lets you divorce me, but who is going to look after our children? They have made marriage a joke, " the women said. 
The Indian Army WhatsApp number launched to address the grievances of jawans has been spammed by Pakistanis to abuse India. " We have been receiving messages in large number from Pakistan and that is why, we have barred all Pakistani numbers from sending messages to it, " the Army reportedly stated. The number was launched on January 28. 
The Shiv Sena has declared the names of its candidates for the post of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) Mayor and Deputy Mayor. The party has declared Vishwanath Mahadeshwar as Mayor and Hamangi Waralikar as Deputy Mayor. Mahadeshwar has served as the principal of Raje Sambhaji Junior College and had won BMC polls by defeating BJP and Congress candidates. 
Actor Varun Dhawan' s pants got torn while he was dancing with a contestant on the sets of television reality show ' Indian Idol' . Host Karan Wahi hauled Varun over his shoulders and carried him off the stage after the wardrobe malfunction. After changing, Varun came back on stage with the torn pant dangling on his neck and also tried auctioning them. 
Addressing an election rally in Uttar Pradesh' s Jaunpur, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that if the BJP wins Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections, it will waive off farmers' loan first. Claiming that the BJP will celebrate Holi with the party' s victory in UP, Modi slammed the current State government saying, " Mothers and daughters are not safe under the Akhilesh Yadav government. " 
Indian sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik has been invited by Bahrain' s Economic Development Board ( EDB) to a sand art workshop cum training programme to teach the art to nearly 30 teachers in the country. The five- day workshop, to start on Sunday, will be held at a beach where Padma Shri Pattnaik would teach various techniques of creating sand art. 
Blaming a " small number of individuals" for recent service disruptions, Uber on Friday said that currently 80% of its drivers who are online for more than six hours a day, make between ? 1, 500 to ? 2, 500 net. Uber India president Amit Jain added that the company has been communicating daily with drivers through phone support, text and video messages and in- person. 
After Tamil Nadu CM Edappadi K Palaniswami requested the Centre to intervene in the issue of release of Indian fishermen, Sri Lanka on Friday arrested eight Indian fishermen from Pudukkottai. While seven of these fishermen are being held in Trincomalee in Sri Lanka, one fisherman attempted suicide soon after being taken into custody and was admitted to the Trincomalee hospital. 
Indian- origin businessman Harnish Patel ( 43) was found dead of gunshot wounds outside his home in USA' s South Carolina on Thursday. A Lancaster County police official said, " I do not have any reason to believe that this was racially motivated. " This comes days after an Indian engineer was killed at a bar in Kansas, USA, in a hate crime shooting. 
Union Minister Uma Bharti has asked Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi to check the Ganga cleaning work by 2018, stating if the work is done then he should jump into the Ganga else she will. " I urge Rahul to not rush to Thailand after the polls. He should see the work is being carried out in four states, " she added. 
The Delhi government has approved ? 54. 84 crore for construction of the longest skywalk in the city, that will connect Tilak Marg railway station to ITO Metro station. " There are over 25 offices at ITO, besides two Metro stations. The heavy traffic volume and crowd makes it an accident- prone area for pedestrians, " explained a PWD official. 
The NDA has called for a statewide dharna to demand the ouster of Bihar minister Abdul Jalil Mastan, for calling PM Narendra Modi a " Naxal" and a " dacoit" . NDA has not allowed the state Assembly to function for three days over the issue. BJP accused CM Nitish Kumar of shielding the minister despite maintaining that he never frames or protects anyone. 
Private images of actors including Dhanush, Trisha Krishnan and Hansika Motwani were leaked online from Tamil television host and singer Suchitra Karthik' s Twitter account. Suchitra claimed that her account was hacked. " Please guys - I do not even socialize with actors, I do not have any of their pictures, " tweeted Suchitra even as more images were posted by the alleged hacker. 
Polling for the first phase of Manipur election began on Saturday as 38 seats went to polls amid high security. In the first phase, more than 11 lakh voters will decide the fate of 168 candidates. Moreover, around 250 companies of central paramilitary forces are on the ground with the Assam Rifles and Army following the unrest in the state. 
Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh has received over ? 4 crore in demonetised ? 500 and ? 1000 rupee notes from devotees as donations after the note exchange deadline had expired, a shrine administrator said. The temple administration has written to the government and the Reserve Bank of India on the issue and is awaiting a reply, the official added. 
National carrier Air India on Friday replaced its Executive Director ( Operations) Captain AK Kathpalia from the post for not taking the breath analyser test. As per law, it is mandatory for all pilots to take the pre- flight medical test before taking flight. Last month, aviation regulator DGCA had suspended Kathpalia? s flying licence for three months for skipping the mandatory test. 
Bombay HC has asked the Centre to submit a report on the deaths of nuclear scientists in India. The government' s response should have " details of measures taken to protect the health of scientists. . . " , the court said. The court further observed that the Army and scientists are two sets of people, who needed to be taken care of by the government. 
Actor Sanjay Dutt has apologised over his bodyguards assaulting local media persons in Agra. Dutt was reportedly present when the attack took place. Earlier this week, the shooting of Sanjay' s film ' Bhoomi' had to be stopped as crowds, which had gathered to get a glimpse of the actor, went out of control. 
The AAP government has tied up with as many as 41 private hospitals in Delhi to facilitate 30 types of surgeries free of cost for patients referred by the national capital' s government hospitals. These hospitals will be compensated at government rates for the complete treatment. It will include pre- surgery consultation, surgery, medicines, and follow- ups for a month after discharge. 
The I- T Department has warned that people who undertake Benami transactions will face rigorous imprisonment of up to 7 years besides being liable to pay fine of around 25% of the fair market value of Benami properties. Further, it said Benami properties may be confiscated and this will be in addition to action under other laws like Income Tax Act. 
Google, which launched its first smartphone ' Pixel' in 2016, will be launching its next Pixel smartphone later this year, Google' s head of hardware Rick Osterloh said. Like its previous handset that has a starting price of ? 57, 000, the next handset will also be a premium smartphone. There' s no plan for a budget Pixel phone in the near future, he added. 
Madhya Pradesh policeman Daulatram Jogawat, who weighed around 180 kg and was mocked by writer- columnist Shobhaa De on Twitter, on Thursday underwent a gastric bypass surgery in Mumbai. Gastric bypass surgery is aimed at reducing the volume of the stomach to curb the food intake. " A wrong tweet has changed my life, " Jogawat said before his surgery. 
Dai Bingguo, China' s retired negotiator on the border talks, has said that if India agreed to make concessions in the eastern sector, China would also make concessions in Aksai Chin. Notably, while India sees China as occupying 38, 000 sq km of its territory in Aksai Chin, China claims 90, 000 sq km in Arunachal Pradesh. 
The Indian Railways on Thursday launched a Roll- on Roll- off ( Ro- Ro) service to carry loaded trucks on wagons from Gurugram to Muradnagar in Uttar Pradesh. The service, launched by Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, aims to decongest roads in Delhi NCR and reduce carbon emissions. The Ro- Ro service will use eight entry and exit routes to take trucks off the roads. 
A woman has claimed she found a dead lizard in her french fries at a McDonald' s outlet in Kolkata on Tuesday. Priyanka Moitra, who is pregnant, was celebrating her four- year- old daughter' s birthday when the incident occurred. She filed an FIR, adding, " When I told the outlet manager. . . he showed a careless attitude and left with just a sorry. " 
The BJP has asked the Election Commission to deploy women police personnel at the booths ahead of phase VI and VII polling in Uttar Pradesh for proper verification of the burqa- clad voters. " Adequate deployment of female police would ensure proper checking of women voters, and at the same time, minimise incidents of bogus voting, " the party said. 
A shoe was hurled at Gujarat Home Minister Pradipsinh Jadeja on Thursday outside the state Assembly by a man identified as Gopal Italia. However, Italia missed his target and was immediately caught by security guards. I had approached the minister several times in the past with complaints against liquor mafia but Jadeja ignored my plea, said Italia. 
The Madras High Court on Thursday revoked the ban on Pepsi and Coca- Cola from using Thamirabarani river water. The companies had been banned from using the river' s water on a plea that they were depriving farmers of their livelihood. They paid only ? 0. 37 per 1, 000 litres of water and sold their beverages at a much higher cost, the plea contended. 
Former Australian captain Michael Clarke has advised the Indian cricket team to not drop catches or else current Australian captain Steve Smith will score a century. Clarke, who recently had a dinner with Indian captain Virat Kohli, called him a strong character and said, " He is ready and focused on the Bengaluru Test" . 
Indian coach Anil Kumble on Thursday said it was important to move ahead from the defeat in Pune and focus on the Bengaluru Test to get back to winning ways. " Australia are a quality side. All the other touring sides were quality sides too. We are looking forward to this game to again start on a winning note, " he added. 
Following pressure from citizens and green activists, the Karnataka government on Thursday abandoned the controversial steel flyover project in Bengaluru, saving at least 800 trees from being cut. The National Green Tribunal had in October 2016 stayed the 6. 9- km project which was estimated to cost ? 1, 761 crore. The tender to construct the flyover had been awarded to construction major L& T. 
Nintendo has admitted that the cartridges of its Switch gaming console have purposely been made to taste bitter to avoid " possibility of accidental ingestion. " This comes after a number users complained on Twitter that the cartridges taste bad and wondered if they were toxic. However, Nintendo clarified that the denatonium benzoate bittering agent applied to the SD- sized cartridge is non- toxic. 
Bharti Airtel Chairman Sunil Mittal has said the government' s proposal to auction spectrum every year whether industry needs it or not is " very progressive thought" . " In fact, it will become a leading edge practice worldwide, " Mittal added. Earlier, Telecom Secretary JS Deepak said the government is looking to make spectrum auction an annual event and will seek TRAI' s recommendations. 
The National Human Rights Commission has issued a notice to the Delhi government over reports of a dead rat in a mid- day meal served in a city- based school. Nine students of the school were taken ill on February 16 after consuming the meal. An FIR was lodged against two NGOs which had supplied the mid- day meals. 
Mukesh Ambani- led Reliance Jio on Thursday temporarily halted the Jio Prime sign- up process. In a message to users, Jio stated that the glitches were due to " unprecedented load" on its servers. Some users reported that they were able to make the transactions, and money was deducted from their cards but Jio service displayed that the sign- up had failed. 
Filmmaker Pooja Bhatt has revealed that she was lucky to quit alcohol before it became impossible for her to stop. She added, " Being the daughter of an alcoholic makes you four times more susceptible to becoming one. " Pooja further said that she is in the pink of health now, except for the weight she has gained. nnnn
Pacer S Sreesanth has filed a petition in the Kerala High Court to revoke the life ban imposed on him by BCCI for the 2013 IPL spot- fixing scandal. BCCI is yet to lift the ban, despite a Delhi court giving him a clean chit in 2015. Recently, he was denied an NOC by BCCI to play in Scotland and Kerala. 
Twenty Indian royal families will present their traditional cuisine as part of the three- day ' Dine with Royalty' event in New Delhi in October. Six luxury tents, capable of seating 35 diners each, will represent the heritage of princely states. There will also be special performances by local artistes of each region. 
The Delhi Metro is planning to play instrumental music in its stations on the New Delhi- Dwarka Airport Line. An official said the decision was taken after a public survey revealed that 80% people wanted light music in stations. The Metro, which has applied for the required license, will introduce music on other stations and inside trains based on users' feedback. 
Holding Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan responsible for the killings of RSS members, a Madhya Pradesh RSS leader has announced a bounty of ? 1 crore on his head. Dr Chandrawat said he would even sell his property if he had to give the reward for Vijayan' s head. Notably, as many as eight BJP- RSS members have been murdered in Kerala since 2016. 
Schools in Kashmir reopened on Wednesday after a break of about eight months due to unrest in the Valley following the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen commander Burhan Wani and subsequent winter break. The government had ordered their closure after over 20 schools were torched by assailants during the unrest. Meanwhile, some schools in snow- covered areas will reopen on March 13. 
The 29th International Yoga Festival was inaugurated by Uttarakhand Governor KK Paul on Wednesday in Rishikesh. The week- long event, jointly organised by the AYUSH ministry and Uttarakhand Tourism Development Board, will feature classes on meditation, reiki and Indian philosophy during the festival. Meanwhile, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to address the festival via video conference. 
The BJP office in Manipur' s Imphal was attacked by unknown people on Wednesday who broke the furniture and left the office in a bad condition. The party alleged that the miscreants, who were also shouting anti- BJP slogans, belonged to the Congress. BJP said it will take up the matter in the public instead of just reporting it to the police. 
Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju has shared a video on Twitter wherein a jawan is seen slamming sympathisers of 2001 Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru and Jawaharlal Nehru University students. " The biggest threat is from those who live in this country but give slogans of Bharat murdabad, " the soldier in the video, identified as Shriram Gorde, says. 
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao has reportedly announced to gift office- cum- residence bungalows worth ? 1 crore each to all 117 legislators in the Assembly. The bungalows would be constructed in the constituencies of the MLAs within a 500 square yard area. The state' s first such bungalow is set to be inaugurated at the Parkal constituency of Warangal district on Thursday. 
The Jammu and Kashmir Police has busted a plot of Pakistan- based terrorists to launch attacks, recovering arms and ammunition from a truck carrying goods at LoC. The cross LoC trade on Chakothi- Uri border has been under radar of intelligence and security agencies and terrorists are reportedly using the trade of almonds to push fake Indian currency notes, arms into India. 
Singer Rihanna has been honoured with the 2017 Harvard Humanitarian of the Year award. She received the award for her work in her native island of Barbados and the charities she has founded over the years. " All you need to do is help one person, expecting nothing in return. To me, that is humanitarian, " she said during her speech. 
Gujarati writer Taarak Mehta, best known for his columns which were adapted for TV sitcom ' Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah' , died on Wednesday in Ahmedabad at the age of 87 after a prolonged illness. Born in 1929, Mehta has written over 80 books, six popular Gujarati plays and was honoured with the Padma Shri in 2015. 
Japan- based scientists have created a highly flexible material, five times tougher than carbon steel, by combining hydrogels with glass fibre. The reinforced hydrogel contains 40% water and is environment- friendly. The flexible material could be used in manufacturing, fashion, and even making artificial human body joints, which are subject to strong load- bearing tensions, researchers said. 
NASA is planning to send its first robotic spacecraft to the Sun, 15 crore kms from Earth, to probe its atmosphere from a distance of 60 lakh kms. The mission is aimed at understanding why the Sun' s atmosphere reaches 20, 00, 000ºC, whereas, its surface temperature is just 5, 500ºC, and also to ascertain the emission of harmful high- energy particles, scientists said. 
A video of Bihar' s Minister for Excise and Prohibition Abdul Jalil Mastan has surfaced showing him abusing Prime Minister Narendra Modi and calling him a " dacoit" . The Congress leader can also be seen asking his supporters to beat PM Modi' s photograph with slippers. Following the incident, BJP has demanded an apology from the minister and his sacking from the government. 
Fashion designer Anita Dongre met the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton at the Buckingham Palace during the reception dinner marking UK- India Year Of Culture. Kate was seen wearing a white ensemble with a pair of diamond earrings from Dongre' s Pinkcity line. " We chatted about our mutual love for Rajasthan, " wrote Dongre while sharing a photo on Instagram. 
An Air India flight was forced to make an emergency landing at the Delhi Airport on Monday when the pilot was unable to retract its wheels mid- air. The incident occurred as its engineers had forgotten to remove pins from the landing gear, the airline said. Meanwhile, the Delhi- Cochin- Dubai flight carrying 234 passengers was delayed by over four hours. 
US- based scientists have devised a computer method called ' ZeitZeiger' that uses blood samples to accurately predict circadian time, the time of day according to a person' s body clock. ZeitZeiger used 15 genes from across human genome to predict body' s internal time which, the scientists say, could be used to help diagnose and monitor sleep- related disorders and also to personalise treatments. 
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad ( ABVP) on Wednesday sacked its two members who were arrested for allegedly attacking some students over the Ramjas College issue. It also asked the police to take stern action against the duo, Prashant Mishra and Vinayak Sharma. " The two students did not adhere to the ABVP' s rules and indulged in violence, " said the student group. 
MP Home Minister Bhupendra Singh on Monday told the State Assembly that 4, 527 rape cases were reported in the state in 2016. He further stated that 13 women out of these cases were killed after they were raped and 14 committed suicide. Of the 4, 527 women who were raped, 1, 273 belonged to SC/ ST category and 750 were from OBC category. 
The intelligence agencies have reportedly revealed that boys as young as 4 and 5 years old are participating in the stone pelting in Kashmir. However, after being caught, many of these kids revealed they have no idea what they are involved in. The stone pelting protests have now spread to rural regions, said the intelligence agencies as per a report. 
RJD supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav on Tuesday equated notebandi ( demonetisation) to forced nasbandi ( sterilisation) . " It was not notebandi but nasbandi, carried out by the Modi government on crores of people, who were forced to stand in queue for withdrawing their own money from the banks, " said Lalu. He further called PM Narendra Modi a twin brother of US President Donald Trump. 
Australian pacer Mitchell Starc has said that Australia is wary of a comeback from Indian captain Virat Kohli. " We know he will come back bigger and stronger, but he is one I will take over Pujara at the moment" , Starc said about the Indian duo he dismissed in the Pune Test. " One Test is not going to win us the series" , Starc added. 
Spectators jeered batsman Saurabh Tiwary during Jharkhand' s Vijay Hazare Trophy match against Services in Kalyani on Tuesday, since they wanted to see his teammate MS Dhoni bat. Saurabh, who scored 102* , was subjected to chants of ' Saurabh Tiwary haye haye' since he was not getting out. " We must understand that they are emotional as Mahi bhai never played here, " said Saurabh. 
A probe has found that JNU student leader Kanhaiya Kumar did not raise anti- India slogans for which he was charged with sedition last year, according to India Today. Anti- India sloganeering took place in the JNU campus, but Kanhaiya' s voice did not match the audio, the reports added. Most of the other slogan shouters were Kashmiri students, the probe added. 
The new Nokia 3310 has a 2. 4- inch colour screen unlike the original phone, which came with an 84x84 black and white display. The 2017 Nokia 3310' s 1200mAh battery life is 10 times more than the original. The new model, which is slimmer and lighter than the original, has an updated version of the ' Snake' game, which was made by Gameloft. 
A bill has been tabled in the Lok Sabha, under which MPs and MLAs can be recalled within two years if 75% of those who voted for them are not satisfied with their performance. The bill was tabled by BJP MP Varun Gandhi. " [ I] f. . . people have. . . power to elect their representatives, they should also have the power to remove [ them] , " Gandhi said. 
Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly has said Virat Kohli is " human and had to fail one day" . " He failed in both innings in Pune. . . In the second innings, I think the game was already over. A 441- run target was a humongous task. Kohli will come back because he is a class act. His record against Australia is unreal, " said Ganguly. 
Wrestlers Geeta and Babita Phogat have condemned Gurmehar Kaur after her picture with a placard which read, " Pakistan did not kill my father. War killed him" went viral. " If you speak against nation, people will obviously not like it, " said Geeta. " Kaur' s view that her father was killed by war. . . was wrong. . . It' s against our nation & martyrs, " said Babita. 
Former Indian cricketer Virender Sehwag, who was accused of bullying Delhi University student Gurmehar Kaur, has clarified that his recent tweet was not intended for her. " It was plain fun but people construed the other way, " said Sehwag. Sehwag had tweeted a picture holding a placard which was similar to Gurmehar' s placard holding video, which she had posted last year. 
A female engineer at American carmaker Tesla has accused the Elon Musk- led company of ignoring her complaints of " pervasive harassment" and paying her a lower salary than men doing the same work. The engineer' s discrimination lawsuit, filed last year, also claims harassment from men on the factory floor " including. . . inappropriate language, whistling, and cat calls. " 
Union minister Kiren Rijiju has reacted to Kargil martyr' s daughter Gurmehar Kaur issue, saying that her father' s soul must be weeping seeing his daughter being misguided by the leftists who celebrate when our jawans die. " During the war between India and China they ( left) supported China; they mislead the youth and it is not right, " he added. 
The Indian blind cricket team which won the T20 World Cup for the Blind earlier this month met PM Narendra Modi on Tuesday. Modi complimented the team members for their achievement and urged them to do even better in future. The team presented the PM with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with his name on it. 
Chennai police on Sunday impounded 10 supercars that were allegedly involved in illegal racing in the city. The cars, estimated to be worth around ? 30 crore in total, include two Lamborghinis, a Ferrari, and an Audi. According to the police, the cars were being driven at 180 kmph on a 60 kmph stretch. 
Radhanagar beach on Havelock Island in the Andamans has been ranked the world' s 8th best in TripAdvisor' s ' World' s Travellers Choice Award- Winning Beaches' . The beach has also secured the first spot in Asia. The Baia do Sancho beach in Brazil has topped the list, followed by Grace Bay in the Turks and Caicos Islands and Eagle Beach in Aruba. 
Celebrity chef Vikas Khanna gifted a copy of his cookbook ' Utsav: A Culinary Epic of Indian Festivals' to Queen Elizabeth II at the launch of the UK- India Year of Culture 2017 at Buckingham Palace on Monday. The 1, 200- page limited- edition cookbook covers over 70 festivals across India and includes 1, 000 recipes. A copy was recently auctioned off for ? 30 lakh. 
The Madhya Pradesh government on Monday apprised the state Assembly that as many as 287 farmers have committed suicide in Madhya Pradesh in the last three months. Earlier, the government had stated 531 farmers/ farm labourers had committed suicide between July 1 and November 15, 2016. This has taken the total suicides by farmers to 818 till date from July 2016. 
The members of the Bharatiya Bar Girls Union in Maharashtra on Monday said to the Supreme Court that the prevailing ban- like atmosphere in the state could push bar dancers into activities like prostitution. The union further reminded the court that the closing down of the bars in 2005 had left over 75, 000 female workers unemployed. 
Banking operations across the country came to a halt today as over 10 lakh bankers went on a nationwide strike against the government' s " anti- people banking reforms" . Around 85, 000 branches of commercial banks and over 1 lakh branches of co- operative banks are on strike. Clearance of 40 lakh cheques totalling around ? 22, 000 crore is expected to be affected. 
The Indian Air Force is preparing a security web with the Israeli SPYDER air defence missile system on the borders with Pakistan to tackle any aircraft, cruise missile or drone that tries to violate Indian airspace. SPYDER is a low- level, quick reaction missile to neutralise hostile targets up to 15 km away and at heights between 20 and 9, 000 metres. 
As per reports, actors Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Abhishek Bachchan will feature together in filmmaker Anurag Kashyap' s next film tentatively titled ' Gulab Jamun' . The couple was last seen together in Mani Ratnam' s 2010 film ' Raavan' . Reportedly, the romantic comedy will also feature Amitabh Bachchan in a pivotal role. n
The President of Poland' s Supreme Court Malgorzata Gersdorf has urged the country' s judges to " fight every inch" for justice as the ruling party plans to " democratise" the way judges are appointed. Under the government' s proposals, the terms of all judges will be terminated within 90 days of the draft law' s enactment and their replacements would be selected by Polish parliament. 
Japanese electronics maker Sony has unveiled the ' Xperia XZ Premium' , the world' s first smartphone with 4K HDR display at ? 46, 700. The phone' s 19- megapixel camera has a memory- stacked sensor, making it world' s first smartphone camera that records slow motion video at 960 frames per second. The device runs on Android Nougat and has 4 GB RAM and 64 GB inbuilt storage. 
The Western Central Railways has banned the sale of colas including those produced by Coke and Pepsi at 300 stations falling under its jurisdiction. " The cold drinks being sold at railway stations do not have the required certification from the health department. Till the time they get the certificate, the sale of these cold drinks has been banned, " Railways said. 
Union Minister Uma Bharti on Monday said BJP committed a " huge mistake" by not fielding any Muslim candidate in the ongoing Uttar Pradesh elections. " I am really feeling sorry that we could not field a Muslim, " she said. In response, BJP MP Vinay Katiyar said, " When Muslims do not vote for us, then why should we give ticket to them? " 
Outgoing CRPF Chief K Durga Prasad has said that the situation in Jammu and Kashmir is better as compared to the condition in the year 2016. " Things in Kashmir are not as bad as they are being made out to be, " he added. His statement comes after Congress leader P Chidambaram said that India had nearly lost Kashmir. 
Kargil martyr' s daughter Gurmehar Kaur' s picture from an old campaign holding placard " Pakistan did not kill my dad, war killed him" is being trolled by Twitter users. While one user tweeted Dawood Ibrahim' s picture that read, " I did not kill people in 1993, bombs killed them" , another posted Rahul Gandhi' s photo stating, " I did not destroy Congress, my speeches did" . 
Actor Randeep Hooda praised former cricketer Virender Sehwag' s tweet which was in response to Kargil martyr' s daughter Gurmehar Kaur' s tweet. She had earlier posted a photo holding a placard that said, " Pakistan did not kill my dad. War killed him. " Virender' s tweet showed him holding a placard which read, " I did not score two triple centuries, my bat did" . 
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s election rally at Mau in Uttar Pradesh on Monday, Mau ASP RK Singh has reportedly said there was a threat to PM' s life during the visit. Rasool Pati, an accused in the murder of BJP leader Haren Pandya, has planned to attack PM' s convoy with rocket launchers and explosives, police reportedly said. 
DMK' s Working President, MK Stalin has said former Tamil Nadu CM O Panneerselvam never raised doubts about the mystery behind the death of ex- AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa when he was CM. " Only after he was denied the chief minister' s chair, which was two months after her death, did Panneerselvam choose to go on meditation under media spotlight, " he added. 
Russian Super League team, Vodnik scored 11 own goals to face an easier opponent in the following round in ice hockey- like winter sport of bandy. With 22 minutes left in the then- scoreless game, Vodnik starting hitting their own nets to avoid facing reigning champions in the next round. Meanwhile, the opposing club Baikal- Energiya also scored nine own goals for " fun" . 
Filmmaker SS Rajamouli has revealed that the war scene between ' Baahubali' and ' Bhallala Deva' will be the highlight of the film ' Baahubali: The Conclusion' . " The confrontation war between Baahubali and Bhallaladeva will be the father of all action episodes, " he added. The film starring Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Tamannaah, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj is scheduled to release on April 28. 
The Janata Dal ( United) will contest the upcoming civic body ( MCD) election in Delhi against Aam Aadmi Party. The Nitish Kumar- led party will contest on all 272 seats. JD( U) ? s Delhi in- charge Sanjay Jha has accused the AAP of neglecting Poorvanchalis in MCD ticket distribution. Notably, AAP had supported JD( U) in the 2015 Bihar Assembly polls. 
Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone were seen attending pre- Oscar parties. They attended the Chanel and Charles Finch Annual Pre- Oscar Dinner, where Priyanka wore a Chanel ensemble while Deepika chose a floral dress by Duro Olowu. Deepika also attended the Women in Film pre- Oscar cocktail party, co- hosted by Oscar- winning actress Brie Larson while Priyanka was spotted at the WME pre- Oscar party. 
The adoption of GST could help raise India' s medium- term GDP growth to over 8% and create a single national market for enhancing the efficiency of the movement of goods and services, IMF has said. Further, IMF said that the implementation of a robust GST regime should be a key priority for the country, given its growth- enhancing effects. 
Amid recent allegations against officers and their families entrusting menial duties to sahayaks, a retired Army officer recently flew from Canada to attend the wedding of his former sahayak' s son. " He is family. . . I had to attend his son' s wedding, " Retired Colonel GS Ghuman said. Havildar Balagowda Raigowda Patil had worked as the Colonel' s buddy for two decades. 
Global banking giant HSBC has disclosed being probed by tax authorities in India for allegedly abetting tax evasion by four Indians and their families. The lender said it has received notices from the tax department and is cooperating with the authorities. Further, the bank has also been approached by other countries for information on people named in the Panama Papers. 
Following consolidation amid telcos due to competition from Jio, Telecom Secretary JS Deepak said this is " very good for India as we are likely to get four private and one government player. . . which is ideal" . The Indian telecom market is likely to yield five major players ensuring " enough competition but not fragmentation of spectrum" , he said, adding this will be " optimum" . 
Multiple- division world champion Philippines' Manny Pacquiao and Britain' s Olympic silver medallist Amir Khan have agreed to fight in a bout, which is scheduled to be held on April 23. Khan is likely to drop to welterweight to fight Pacquiao for the World Boxing Organisation title. Pacquiao won the WBO welterweight title last November against American Jessie Vargas in Las Vegas. 
Following India' s 333- run defeat at the hands of Australia in the first Test, former Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar said he is confident that the Indian team will fight back. " There are good and tough moments. But it is all about how you stand back on your feet again and start competing, " Sachin said at a marathon event. 
Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal, who became a member of the International Olympic Committee' s Athletes' Commission ( IOC AC) last year, would be representing the panel in the Badminton World Federation ( BWF) . Currently, ranked world number 10 in BWF rankings, Saina is aiming to win the All England Championship next month. 
A 20- year- old Delhi University student has alleged that her classmate and three of his friends gang raped her after lacing her drink with sedatives on Friday. The incident was reported from Faridabad. The police have registered the case in the Lajpat Nagar police station and have also detained four accused who are being questioned by the police. 
Bihar CM Nitish Kumar' s son Nishant Kumar has asserted he will not join politics and will lead a spiritual life. " I have no interest, nor any knowledge of how to do politics, " he added. " My father is working hard and has taken Bihar on the road to development. If people want, he can also become the PM, " he further said. 
Samajwadi Party candidate from Agra ( North) seat Atul Garg has reportedly been caught in a sting operation while accepting he had bribed voters to get them to vote in his favour. The video shows Garg saying he will spend limitless money for winning the election. Meanwhile, the police have filed an FIR against him and are now investigating the matter. 
The All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE) has directed all the engineering colleges affiliated to it to urgently put in place an online mechanism for redressal of grievances. " An online monthly status report regarding the number of grievances received, disposed off and pending should be informed to AICTE, " the directive has stated. 
Former Australia captain Michael Clarke claimed that he was surprised with the way Steve Smith' s Australian team hammered India on a pitch suited to the hosts in the first Test in Pune. " India will look to improve in the next Test. . . We can expect a fantastic series now" , Clarke said about the series ahead. 
Following the directions of the Election Commission, the UP government has covered the word ' Samajwadi' written on 1, 488 ambulances under its Samajwadi Swasthya Seva initiative. The Samajwadi Swasthya Sewa, the free- of- cost and round- the- clock emergency ambulance service, was launched in the state by Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav. The ambulance aims to reach the patient within 20 minutes. 
Reacting to ' Lipstick Under My Burkha' being denied certification by censor board, director Kabir Khan said, " Oh god, not again! It is becoming a bit of a joke. " He added that it seems every two months, the CBFC has made it a habit to do something completely stupid like this. The film has already been showcased at Tokyo Film Festival. 
Former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly on Saturday called for more sporting pitches to be prepared for the remaining three matches of the ongoing Test series. " If Australia' s spinners keep bowling so accurately, India will be scared of preparing turning pitches, " said Ganguly. " India' s best chance would be to play on good pitches, " added the former cricketer. 
Muhammad Ali Jr, son of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali was detained by immigration officials at Fort Lauderdale- Hollywood International Airport, Florida on February 7, according to reports. Officials at the airport questioned him for nearly four hours, repeatedly asking him " Where did you get your name from? " and " Are you Muslim? " . He was travelling from Jamaica with his mother Khalilah Camacho- Ali. 
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has moved the Delhi High Court in connection with the defamation case filed by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Arvind Kejriwal has sought details of bank accounts of Arun Jaitley and his family members. The two leaders are involved in a defamation case after Kejriwal accused Jaitley of financial irregularities in Delhi District Cricket Association. 
According to reports, singer Kanye West is planning to launch a cosmetic line for men. The line is reportedly inspired by his late mother Donda West. It will include makeup, perfumes, lotion and other cosmetics. " [ Kanye] believes the future is in men' s makeup, " a source was quoted as saying. The cosmetic line will also include women' s collection, reports added. 
Days after Delhi University' s Ramjas College saw violent clashes, a Lady Shri Ram College student who is a Kargil martyr' s daughter has initiated a social media campaign # StudentsAgainstABVP. She held a placard that read, " I am a student from Delhi University. I am not afraid of ABVP. I am not alone. Every student of India is with me. # StudentsAgainstABVP" . 
Max Healthcare has denied overcharging patients for stents and insisted it was complying with the guidelines on the medical device' s pricing. " We have not overcharged even a single patient for stent. We have complied fully and immediately with the NPPA order on stent pricing, " it said. Notably, some hospitals have been issued show cause notices after investigations over stent pricing. 
Reacting on the recent political scenario in Tamil Nadu, former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju wrote in a Facebook post that he would rather be dead than accept a jailbird' s puppet as Chief Minister. " I am no longer a Tamizhan. I refuse to be a member of the people who do not mind living in disgrace and dishonour, " he added. 
The National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) has chopped more than 8, 000 trees in Gurugram to develop a flyover and three underpasses. While environmentalists have criticised NHAI for the move in the name of development, meteorological department officials have raised concerns about a possible increase in temperature by 2- 3 degrees. 
As UP CM Akhilesh Yadav and PM Narendra Modi traded barbs over ' Gujarat donkeys' , Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Friday tweeted that the latter " indeed worked like a donkey" . His tweet came after PM Modi said he takes inspiration from the " loyal" and " hard working" animal and was amused that Akhilesh Yadav was afraid of Gujarat' s donkeys. 
Shiv Sena' s tally in recently concluded BMC election rose to 87 on Friday as three independent councillors, who had earlier parted ways with the party, returned to its fold. However, Sena is still short of 27 councillors to touch the halfway mark of 114 seats. This came amid reports that Sena has approached Congress for a post- poll alliance. 
A 26- year- old who has been sitting on an indefinite hunger strike for nearly 10 days for Special Backward Classes quota got married at the protest site in Rajasthan. Devraj Gujjar continued with his " fast unto death" after the rituals while his wife left with her in- laws. Meanwhile, his wife said she would join him if the demands were not met. 
Reports of actress Ayesha Takia undergoing plastic surgery have emerged after the actress was spotted at a recent event. Ayesha, who is known for films like ' Taarzan: The Wonder Car' and ' Socha Na Tha' , is said to have opted for a lip job and botox. Bollywood actresses, including Priyanka Chopra and Anushka Sharma, have reportedly opted for plastic surgery. n
WBO Oriental Champion China' s Zulpikar Maimaitiali, who was set to fight Asia Pacific title holder Vijender Singh, has backed out from the bout as the talks between the boxers' promoters did not materialise. Reportedly, Vijender, who has an 8- 0 record in pro- boxing so far, will still fight on the scheduled date, April 1, in Mumbai but against a different opponent. 
Speaking about India' s performance on Day 2 of the Pune Test, coach Anil Kumble said, " You are bound to have one bad day. It was disappointing. " " We were in a decent position when Rahul and Ajinkya were batting. But once Rahul got out, we lost those four wickets in five or six balls. That certainly pushed us back, " Kumble added. 
Amitabh Bachchan has turned down a rare invitation from Queen Elizabeth II to attend the reception of UK- India Year Of Culture, which is towards the end of this month. Bachchan' s publicist said that the actor had to refuse the invite owing to prior commitments. He is said to be busy with the trailer launch of his upcoming film ' Sarkar 3' . 
A day after a fractured verdict in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation polls, BJP leader Nitin Gadkari on Friday said there is no option for the BJP and Shiv Sena than coming together. " The final decision has to be taken by Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray. I am sure they will take the right decision, " Gadkari added. 
Actress Disha Patani, while responding to a person shaming her for wearing a ' revealing' outfit, has asked people to stop their hypocrisy and open their minds. " It' s easier to judge a woman on the basis of how much they cover up their skin, but it is hard to accept your own cheap mentality, " she wrote in a message posted on Instagram. 
According to IMF' s Asia and Pacific Department' s Assistant Director Paul Cashin, one way to characterise India' s demonetisation is as a " vacuum cleaner" . " It' s sucking in cash, withdrawing it from the economy, and then the vacuum cleaner is going in reverse, slowly replacing cash, " he stated. It has led to a lot of cash shortages that adversely affected consumption, he added. 
With ' Jolly LLB 2' becoming actor Akshay Kumar' s seventh film to earn over ? 100 crore, he equalled the number of ? 100 crore films that Shah Rukh Khan has. ' Jolly LLB 2' was also Akshay' s 4th consecutive ? 100 crore film after ' Airlift' , ' Housefull 3' and ' Rustom' . The film entered the ? 100 crore club on the twelfth day of its release. 
A new poster of the upcoming epic historical fiction film ' Baahubali: The Conclusion' featuring actor Prabhas has been released. The film is the continuation of ' Baahubali: The Beginning' . The poster shows Prabhas standing on top of an elephant. He will reprise the titular character of ' Baahubali' . Directed by SS Rajamouli, the film is scheduled to release on April 28. 
Indian captain Virat Kohli on Friday got out without scoring a run for the first time in Tests in India. The duck was Kohli' s fifth in 93 Test innings, with other four coming in West Indies, Australia and England ( 2) . Last time, Kohli got out for a duck in Tests was in August 2014 against England in Manchester. 
Srinivas Kunchubhotla ( 32) , an Indian engineer, was shot dead and two others were injured in a bar in Kansas city in the United States on Wednesday when a man opened fire at them after allegedly shouting racial slurs. The 51- year- old accused Adam Purinton, who has now been arrested, allegedly yelled " Get out of my country" before firing at them. 
An investigation by India Today has unmasked a racket of prosthetic suppliers who are selling silicone fingers to political parties in order to rig the ongoing UP election. The leaders of the political parties are ordering them in bulk for their teams to cast multiple votes by masking their fingers bearing the indelible ink- mark with prostheses, the investigation revealed. 
The Kangana Ranaut, Shahid Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan starrer ' Rangoon' is " gorgeous- looking with great cinematography, fantastic sound design and marvellous choreography, " wrote India Today. " [ O] ddly written characters do not let it become an engaging watch, " said Hindustan Times. The Times of India wrote that " some scenes feel tedious" . It has been rated 2/ 5 ( HT) and 3. 5/ 5 ( TOI, India Today) . 
After emerging as the single largest party in the recently concluded BMC election, Shiv Sena supremo on Thursday said the Mayor will be from his party. He further went on to say that not only the Mayor but the next CM of Maharashtra will also be from Shiv Sena. Thackeray, however, refused to comment on any possibility of an alliance. 
Fruit juice concentrate maker Rasna is eyeing a revenue of ? 250 crore in the next three years from the snack category, Chairman Piruz Khambatta said. Rasna, which has presence in the sweet snack category with its brand Vitos, is planning to introduce ethnic and western snacks. Notably, Rasna enjoys an 85% market share in the ? 1, 000 crore powdered drink space. 
Former Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar attended the Rajya Sabha a couple of days after Samajwadi Party MP Naresh Agrawal asked him and actress Rekha to resign from their positions due to their low attendance. Among the 12 nominated members, Sachin and veteran actress Rekha were found to be among the worst performers in terms of attendance in the Rajya Sabha. 
Aamir Khan, while talking about reality shows on television that feature kids, said that these shows should not be so aggressive that they rob children of their childhood. " I have not seen those reality shows. . . it cuts both ways. There are kids who are talented and want to be out there to show their talent, it ( reality shows) gives them an opportunity. " 
The Maharashtra government has initiated an inquiry after 83- year- old singer Asha Bhosle complained of receiving an electricity bill of over ? 53, 000 for her unused bungalow in Lonawala. The state electricity department is investigating the unit consumption and will amend the bill if necessary. Bhosle claims of receiving similar bills in the past for the bungalow that is mostly locked. 
At least 400 languages or more than half languages spoken by India' s 1. 3 billion people may die out in next 50 years, a study by the People' s Linguistic Survey of India ( PSLI) stated. Further claiming that India has already lost 250 languages in last five decades, the survey said, " Each time a language is lost, the corresponding culture is killed. " 
