? The Daman and Diu administration on Wednesday withdrew a circular that asked women staff to tie rakhis on male colleagues after the order triggered a backlash from employees and was ripped apart on social media. In this connection, all offices/ departments shall remain open and celebrate the festival collectively at a suitable time wherein all the lady staff shall tie rakhis to their colleagues, ? There are sensitivities involved. s direction, sources said. national significance?
rich man? . alumni? # khannajewellers. But we can vouch for the fact that she did not need an alimony to buy clothes ( short or not, her choice) , go on vacations and enjoy her life. @ subbu28 # photographer @ prasdnaik A post shared by Malaika Arora Khan ( @ malaikaarorakhanofficial) on Aug 2, 2017 at 6: 20am PDT Then, Malaika decided to reply: The entire conversation only proves that no matter if a woman is successful, she will be attacked the moment she decides to step out of bounds the society decided for her.
after controversy. virgin? because it simply meant ? The previous version of the marital declaration form, which purportedly asked new recruits if they were virgins. IGIMS medical superintendent Dr Manish Mandal said institute director Dr NR Biswas held a meeting on Thursday morning before directing that the word ? ?
Surrender kyun nahi kar deta. After initiating the talk, the local villager handed over the phone to the army officer. " What you are doing is not right. ) Maine kaha, kya haal hai ( How are you. Jisko game khelna hai, khelo. Congratulations. "
We are committed to this cause. " Vijaya Rahatkar, chairwoman of the Maharashtra State Women' s Commission, said the initiative would have an impact beyond the state as the alumni group had contact with about a million small hotels across India. Hotels in Mumbai and other Indian cities are to train their staff to spot signs of sex trafficking such as frequent requests for bed linen changes or a " Do not disturb" sign left on the door for days on end. Human trafficking is the world' s fastest growing criminal enterprise worth an estimated $ 150 billion a year, according to the International Labor Organization, which says nearly 21 million people globally are victims of forced labor and trafficking. ALSO READFYI | Legal revenge: Child sex trafficking survivors get ' School of Justice' to fight their own battlesMumbai: Woman DJ arrested in high- profile sex racket case
unprovoked suicide? The police claimed it was an ? An alleged suspect in a kidnapping case was found hanging inside the washroom of the Jahangirpuri police station in north Delhi on Wednesday, hours after he was called by the cops for interrogation. ? said Kumar? 30 pm. s disappearance.
While he was crossing the road, he was hit and suffered injuries. In an interesting ruling, the Delhi high court reduced the compensation awarded to a motor accident victim by 45 per cent after it found negligence on the part of both the parties. Quoting the detailed accident report, the court said if the vehicle was in good condition, being driven in the right lane at the right speed, the accident which was caused at a non- zebra crossing, could be attributed to the sudden appearance of the jaywalker in front of the vehicle. 40 am. The visibility was clear.
? ghost barber? panic. that was made worse by the media coverage at the time. A 60- year old Dalit woman was allegedly lynched in Agra after villagers thought she was out to cut the hair of sleeping women, the first reported fatality of what appears to be turning into a case of mass hysteria. were recorded. s imagination?
Aviation regulator Director General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) had asked AAIB? to conduct an inquiry. After taking off, the Rontappmeyer ( RYTYR) helicopter may have faced difficulties as the moon was waning, the report said. s helicopter crash- lands, Devendra Fadnavis safe
? For the time being, Lucknow residents can obtain interest on deposits at the Congress' State Bank of Tomato, and take the vegetables out on loan, just like money in an actual bank, ANI reported. pic. 5 Kg tomatoes, will get 1 kg after 6 months. I am 103- year- old, never thought have to see this: Srikrishna Verma, customer pic.
said Pawan Agarwal, CEO of FSSAI. ? The organisations in the business of collecting leftover food will now have to work in collaboration with FSSAI so their efforts can be scaled up. he said. Collecting food going waste to feed the hungry is a noble thought but to transport, store and maintain the cold chain of cooked food is a huge challenge. said Agarwal.
her son? she said. s life. It is learnt the principal has stated that she was on leave and got information about the boy getting a job offer through two teachers. ? I have received the report, but not seen it yet, ? Bharti said Harshit hasn? s family had been evading the authorities and there phone number were also switched off.
The 26 establishments offering free parking are Suncity Business Tower, Paras Twin Towers, MGF The Palm Springs Plaza, Global Foyer, Vipul Tech Square, MPD Tower, Augusta Point, Paras Downtown Tower, Central Plaza and Centrum Plaza ? www. The MCG had the option of levying a property tax on the basements in commercial centres, but after reading the Central government guidelines, an option was given to building owners that if they did not levy a parking fee on customers, the property tax on basements will be waived. gov. in. ?
off target effects? It is the first time that human embryos have had their genomes edited outside China, where researchers have performed a handful of small studies to see whether the approach could prevent inherited diseases from being passed on from one generation to the next. s still a long road ahead, ? They? ? said Mitalipov. she said. We don? she added.
unsafe? As many as 2, 297 residential buildings under the CPWD in Delhi have been identified as ? The three municipal corporations, New Delhi Municipal Council and CPWD intimated that every year the survey of unsafe/ dangerous building is carried out and necessary action for demolition of the same is undertaken, it stated. ?
Issue notice. We are not going to stay the proceedings, ? ? the bench said. The bench questioned the delay by the opposition party in filing its petition, pointing out that the poll panel had issued a notification on the matter in January 2014 and another circular in 2015. ? ( With agency inputs)
( Read | Indian Deaflympians demand equal treatment with para- athletes) Hussain? Hussain had garnered much attention before arriving in the US for the snowshoe championship after the US Embassy in New Delhi had denied him and another athlete visas around the same time President Donald Trump had issued an order barring travel into the US from seven Muslim- dominant countries. ? s what this whole case is all about, ? That?
CISF Director General O P Singh said the " suspect item has been declared safe and there is nothing to worry about" . At 7. New Delhi, Aug 2 ( PTI) Bomb squads and canine teams were today rushed in to check a suspect object that was recovered at the cargo hold area of the IGI airport here, later declared safe after it was found that the consignment only contained some auto spare parts.
Bihar Health Minister Mangal Pandey has defended a controversial questionnaire put out by Patna' s Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences ( IGIMS) for its staff. It means unmarried and I do not find anything objectionable in the usage of the word, " Mangal Pandey said. " They told me the format used in the form is the same which is used at AIIMS ( All India Institute of Medical Science) , " he added. ALSO READ:
Fatherland first? wrote one. Tragic? s outraged comments. , and was ? ? I thought it would be like this in the year 2050, but it is happening NOW, ? m shocked at how much hate and fake news is spread [ on the Fedrelandet viktigst page] . Norway recently became the latest European country to propose restrictions on the wearing of burqas and niqabs, tabling a law that will bar them from kindergartens, schools and universities.
pregnant? In a bizarre medical condition, a newborn baby in Thane was found to be ? s stomach. ? . she added.
The NDMC chairman formed a committee including officials and experts from the council, Delhi traffic police and Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) . The area will be turned into a " no hawker zone" as the encroachers cripple traffic movement and also get in the way of emergency vehicles. Heavy rains cause massive waterlogging at the entire stretch every year. Our main focus is to improve the road infrastructure. ALSO READ |
Teja Gurjar, a farmer leader said, ? However, they said that they will challenge the acquisition in the court for enhanced compensation, as their counterparts in Ghaziabad have received compensation up to Rs17, 000 per square metre. The district magistrate said, ? ? s orders, said Singh.
? The investigators said that as the Air Canada jet approached the taxiway just before midnight after a flight from Toronto, it was so far off course that it did not appear on a radar system used to prevent runway collisions. the NTSB said. But the Federal Aviation Administration is working on modifications so they can, agency spokesman Ian Gregor said. s flying time.
s national maritime authority said in a statement. AVA ? ? . One witness, Rita Rogado, 20, told the Público newspaper that the plane crashed right by the sea, dragging her along for a few metres in the sand. It happened very fast, there was no chance to prepare . a Cessna CS?
s worst humanitarian crisis. I don? ? The United Nations operates two humanitarian flights into Sanaa from Amman and Djibouti, but there is no jet fuel available in the Yemeni capital for the plane to make the return trip. It? new cases of meningitis detected in Yemen but he could not provide details.
Flight data on North Korea? The U. S. also said it conducted a successful test of a missile defense system located in Alaska. Minuteman missiles are regularly tested with launches from Vandenberg that send unarmed re- entry vehicles 4, 200 miles ( 6, 800 kilometers) across the Pacific to a target area at Kwajalein Atoll. s weapons, according to analysts.
a hand and two shoes? The discovery came just two days after a Swiss couple who disappeared while walking in the Alps in 1942 were found in a receding glacier. , area police said.
Yesteryear superstar Dilip Kumar was rushed to Lilavati Hospital on Wednesday owing to kidney complications and dehydration. ? The major reason of his admission was dehydration, which simultaneously impacts other organs as well, ? He is also honored with Padma Bhushan in 1991, Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 1994 and India?
s mangroves ? ? said Untawale. Mangroves in? said Arvind Untawale, secretary, MSI. He added that tigers in Sunderbans, saltwater crocodiles in Odisha, and birds, fish, crabs, and the unique flora present in this ecosystem are not getting enough attention from the Centre. Kannur, Kerala Situated along the famous Kerala backwaters and not very far from Kochi, large portions ( 587 ha) of the Kannur mangrove forest were recently declared as reserved forests ( highest protection status) after a significant mangrove cover was lost owing to developmental projects. ( HT? 7 sq km.
? there was no reason to hand over the body of somebody to locals who did not belong to the Kashmir Valley? Munir Khan, Inspector General of Police ( IGP) Kashmir told reporters on Tuesday that Pakistan high commission has been approached to claim the body of Dujana, who belonged to Gilgit- Baltistan area in Pakistan- administered part of Kashmir. .
Attack in Anantnag appears to be a reprisal for killing of several Lashkar militants including Bashir Lashkari in an encounter with security forces earlier this month. Slain Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) commander Abu Dujana will be replaced by Abu Ismail. Proactive operations have been launched, mainly in south Kashmir, to track down Ismail as investigations including communication intercepts have pointed out to his involvement in the attack on Amarnath pilgrims.
beautiful kitchen? Representative Dina Titus, a Democrat, also urged Trump to take his family and move out of the White House if he was unhappy with conditions. com. historical furniture. ?
s card had alway been marked, less over his initial blocking of Scaramucci, which enraged the Mooch, or by his closeness to the House speaker, Paul Ryan, than by his private advice to Trump to quit the presidential race after 8 October, when the infamous Access Hollywood ? s reputation has sunk. Oct 8th coalition? Apparently this did not seem out of the ordinary? I know what you did. Trump? Read Shakespeare. Scaramucci responded: ? He also fleetingly convinced Eric Trump he was his brother, Donald Jr. lazy anarchist?
The police investigation began over four years ago, after claims of sexual assault were made to detectives, and uncovered a series of allegations concerning alleged sexual offences. A GP who practised in east London has been charged with 118 sexual offences. The decision to bring a series of criminal charges against Shah was authorised by the Crown Prosecution Service. Specialist detectives from Scotland Yard?
ForeignPolicy. Jared Kushner, a senior adviser to the president, made the comment Monday during a closed- door session with congressional interns. s remarks. ?
obscene? fake Pathan? Ayesha Gulalai, elected to the National Assembly in 2013 from a reserved seat for women in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan, also announced her decision to quit the PTI because she could not compromise on her honour and dignity. . ? she said. mafia boss?
London, Aug 1 ( PTI) Renowned Harry Potter author J K Rowling has apologised for wrongly accusing US President Donald Trump of refusing to shake the hand of a 3- year- old disabled child during an event. But Marjorie Kelly Weer, mother of Montgomery, said Rowlings interpretation of the clip was wrong. " How stunning, and how horrible, that Trump cannot bring himself to shake the hand of a small boy who only wanted to touch the president, " the author had said. If someone can please get a message to JK Rowling: Trump didnt snub my son & Monty wasnt even trying to shake his hand, " Kelly wrote on Facebook.
5 and PM10 pollutants. Globally, too, there might not be a standard but PM1 is considered the most dangerous among all particulate matter, particularly because of its size. These particles ? The Lodhi Road monitoring station of the System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting And Research ( SAFAR) under the Ministry of Earth Sciences has recorded the average volume of PM1 during summer, winter and the monsoon at about 46, 49 and 20 micrograms per cubic metres, respectively. ?
Ala Hazrat Haj House? on Monday night. s cell. Akash Tomar, superintendent of police ( city) , said. We will protest against the police and the administration and will also hand them a memorandum about the lathi charge carried out by police on innocent people who were staging a peaceful dharna outside the Haj House. ?
Influential lawmaker Lindsey Graham, a foreign policy hawk, told NBC? s told me that. s neighbour China, fails to halt the programme then the United States will have no choice but to take devastating military action. They? ? I believe him.
t reply. After accusing director Anees Bazme and his friend and associate Mayur Barot for non- payment of dues, comedian Sunil Pal is now planning to take legal action against both of them. I was shocked when he replied that I can do whatever I want to and that it won? ? I won? When we got in touch with Bazmee he said that the deal happened between Mayur and Sunil and he has nothing to do in it. adds Barot.
s federal register. ? it added. The ban is to remain in effect for one year, unless it is revoked sooner by US secretary of state Rex Tillerson. Warmbier?
New Delhi, Aug 1 ( PTI) Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said a " proper decision" would be taken on Air Indias future in a competitive market and that it would be in the governments interest to protect jobs at the airline. Noting that the airline has a debt of Rs 50, 0000- 55, 000 crore which is " not small" , he said, " now we have to decide what has to be done with the Air India" . The previous UPA government had extended bailout package worth little over Rs 30, 000 crore to the national carrier for a 10- year period starting from 2012.
gross misconduct? personal conduct related matter? Bob Mackenzie has been removed by the board from his role as executive chairman, from his other roles and as a director and as an employee of the company, for gross misconduct, ? the company said. s long- term prospects but its financial performance in the first half of 2017 had been hit by a number of factors. We now believe that the face- lift is largely complete. ? .
The show will be judged by Yoga guru Baba Ramdev, Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha, music director Shekhar Ravjiani and singer Kanika Kapoor. They have collaborated with Colosceum Media, that has produced shows like Roadies, Splitsvilla and MasterChef to launch a bhajan reality show. According to reports, the shoot has already begun.
I don? he quips. lady- oriented? But the success of such films prove that no one is bothered about what the Censor Board or the doubters think about [ these] films. With Lipstick? ? t like.
102 Not Out? ? . And the opportunity of catching up with its loss, on set is a gifted moment in the script, rare but so welcome, ? The 74- year- old will be seen sharing screen space with veteran actor Rishi Kapoor in 102 Not Out. he added.
The victim, Gurdeep Singh of Khud Mohalla, who sells file covers outside the passport office, said that on Monday while he was making sales from his makeshift stall, two PCR cops turned up there. . Later, commissioner Dhoke marked the departmental inquiry against the PCR cop, head constable Harvinder Singh.
A session court in Mumbai convicted 15 Somali pirates for 7 years of imprisonment in a 2011 case. The sessions court pronounced the verdict in the first of the four cases, where the pirates? The coast guard and navy, in a joint operation, then rescued the 22 men being held hostage on the ship. They have been found guilty of attempt to murder and kidnapping.
malign our image? Rathore termed the charges as baseless, saying the parents were trying to frame the English teacher and school management to ? ? she asked. Mishra said.
By just looking at the debt and ignoring the revival signs would be to take a narrow view of the situation, " the former railway minister said. New Delhi, Aug 2 ( PTI) Successive governments have " short changed" Air India by treating it like their private properties, TMC leader Dinesh Trivedi said today as he urged the Centre to review the decision to divest stake in the airline. " Against this backdrop, Trivedi said it is evident that there is potential for further growth of Air India if the turnaround plan continues along with other rationalisation measures.
. full investigation? Louis Charalambous, Hopkins? The company later toned down its criticism, stating that it had appointed a team of external legal advisers to investigate the charges. When Hopkins handed over a large number of documents to the SFO in December 2015, BAT dismissed him as ? he said. The company cannot rewrite this history, and we look forward to seeing them answer these allegations in due course. ? s alleged misconduct.
I wasn? According to several rumours floating around since past few months, Kapil has been under a lot of stress due to the falling TRPs of his show, The Kapil Sharma Show. ? In fact, the channel people have always been kind to me; they support me a lot. he said. t we? s fair enough.
Shraddha Kapoor? s ambitious project Haseena Parker has been postponed again and the reason being cited is upcoming big releases in August. ? s distributor) , the producers and director Apoorva Lakhia realised that August was cluttered with too many releases. The Apoorva Lakhia directed film also stars Rajesh Tailang, Ankur Bhatia and Sunil Upadhyay. Shah Rukh Khan?
On recoveryIt has taken him a few years to get back to his normal life and he says that with each passing day, he is making an effort to better his life. I am also doing a lot of theatre with Jeff Goldberg because I believe it polishes your acting skills, " he added. People still think I got hooked because it was ' cool' for a celebrity to indulge in recreational drugs. After making a promising start in Bollywood, Prateik Babbar vanished from the limelight for a good five years. I want to create awareness by showcasing the boy uninterrupted so the world does not get to see just one side of the story, " said the 30- year- old actor. I am answerable to only my conscience. .
Yeh aurat thodi hi hain. " . The Pahlaj Nihalani- led board ordered a whopping 48 cuts to the film, and when India Today Television reached out to him, he said, " We are just doing our job. " He said, ' I will never let it pass because I am abused for my song Khada Hai Khada Hai to this day. ' He met Pahlaj Nihalani in private to discuss the directives, but the CBFC chief had a shocking response - " You are lucky I am not banning your film. " If you notice the cuts, there is a sentence, ' Yeh kaahe ka c* * * * * * a hai' . Pahlaj Nihalani refused to comment on the matter. twitter.
says Sana. s style? Actor Sana Khan was up for a not- so- pleasant surprise on Tuesday, when a video of her hugging actor Salman Khan went viral for all the wrong reasons. t know. ? [ Then] he complimented me that I look very nice. Sana replies, ? It? t believe that a normal hug was trending, trolling, and rolling, ? He has worked with all sexy and good- looking actresses, who would use bronzer from head to toe, so he knows that.
. # Holi. she says. ve been in the public sphere long enough now to understand that we need to be like ducks and let this [ trolling] be like water sliding off our backs. Actor Dia Mirza, who was in Delhi to walk for designer Anju Modi at the India Couture Week 2017, has not just a lovely face but also a strong mind. ? s wife. play?
Right now, I? Neutral gear. s film Tubelight. says Sunil. This is what I love doing, and have tried to do for all these years. As he turns a year older on August 3, Sunil says that misses his audiences as much as they miss him. ? quips Sunil.
Indian authorities have removed a copy of the Bible and the Quran from a new statue of a former president after a complaint by a Hindu nationalist party, officials said Tuesday. ? English newspaper, ? s missile man? India? We are also looking at the complaint filed with us, ?
s Bokaro town, police said. When people turned up at the common service centre with their respective requisitions on Wednesday morning, they allegedly found Ansari half- naked with a woman at the Heena Market Pragya Kendra. On June 8, a 45- year- old man was lynched for allegedly raping a widow in Palamu and on June 27, another man was beaten to death by a mob for allegedly raping an eight- year- old girl in Dumka. she said. ?
Everyone has to fill this form which is part of Central Services Rules and this form is similar to what AIIMS in Delhi uses. In the Central Services Rules there is a provision that when a person joins the service and later on if she dies because of any eventuality, there may be a claimant or boy friend who may come to seek job in place of the victim" , said Dr Mandal . That would have been sober but what is there in the rules have to be followed, " said Dr Mandal. However, Dr Mandal admitted that the use of word virginity was incorrect. "
said an official. Redeveloping the entrances is a good move but any beautification should not take away the natural feel of the beach, ? ? Zahida Banatwala of the Juhu Citizens' Welfare Group ( JCWG) said, ? The first phase of the project included themed- lighting and redevelopment of the central Chowpatty. said Satam.
It was last week that Kriti Sanon posted a video where she is dancing to a song from Mubarakan. s tweet. How did she become an actress. ? Kriti enquired. I think, I?
He added: ? s premises on Chenies Street including, for the first time, the provision of on- site accommodation. In something of a first, there will be no guaranteed tickets for critics, with journalists welcome to take their chances in the ballot. ? Ticket winners will be selected at random with successful entrants able to purchase a maximum of two. he said.
religious reformation? Al- Azhar, established in Cairo in 971 as a centre of Sunni Muslim learning, is hoping that the booth will help steer Egyptians away from extremist thought. Extremists won? When we talk about renewing religious rhetoric, we mean the main content [ of their teachings] , ? ? he said. t get it.
House of Commons? Also deposited at the repository is the model of Emirati National House, valued at Rs 4500 and a the decorative sculpture with Argillite carving, valued at Rs 2000. But from among numerous gifts Modi received during foreign trips this year, he took home a wristwatch manufactured by British company Sekonda, besides a couple of smaller items, according to official documents. bi housing model of the United Arab Emirates, a decorative sculpture with Argillite carving and a Mont Blanc ballpoint pen. The toshakhana, however, doesn?
Authorities said bringing the museum to the heart of the city would attract more visitors and rake in some revenue. This is why we have asked for space at Rani Baug. ? said Anil Kokil, BEST committee chairman.
he captioned it. ? The movie follows the life of a New York City architect Natalie ( Rebel) , who works hard to get noticed at her job, but is more likely to be asked to deliver coffee and bagels than to design the city? Shooting photos today of the lovely @ priyankachopra for # heartheworldfoundation A post shared by Bryan Adams ( @ bryanadams) on Jul 31, 2017 at 3: 47pm PDTBryan also shared a slightly different selfie with her on his own Instagram. Priyanka is also working on A Kid Like Jake with Claire Danes and Jim Parson and will be seen in Quantico season 3. s next skyscraper.
Eagleton ? The Golf Village? Tax officials raided on Wednesday multiple properties linked to DK Shivakumar, a top minister in Karnataka who is hosting a group of party legislators from Gujarat to avoid a break in their ranks ahead of a close Rajya Sabha election. Ashok Gehlot, Congress? Ahmed Patel ( @ ahmedpatel) August 2, 2017Read more | Congress parades 44 Gujarat MLAs, says BJP tried to bribe them ahead of Rajya Sabha pollsCongress? it said, adding the timing of the raids had been decided ? . ?
equal pay for equal work? Swara, however, has been quite vocal in this regard. All set for screening of # AnaarkaliOfAarah as part of # jagranfilmfestival2017 in # varanasi in @ poshpride palazzo sari, with @ aaree_ accessories tassel earrings, @ amrapalijewels ring. ? s not just the question of money that Swara feels needs to be addressed. t Bollywood take its cue from them? says Swara.
Directed by Oscar nominee Stephen Frears, Victoria and Abdul is based on the friendship between Queen Victoria and her most trusted clerk, Abdul Karim. Adapted from author Shrabani Basu? s munshi. All the costumes worn by Judi and Ali will be on display at the museum site of inside the house. Ali Fazal?
Imtiaz said that Shah Rukh was extremely gentle with the girl and did not lose his cool at any point of time. " The film is set to release on August 4. He was dealing with her like how one would deal with a scarf. ALSO READ: Shah Rukh Khan almost had us believing Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt are in love
Uttar Pradesh was among the only two states that had failed to implement the directive, an anomaly that minister for women welfare and tourism development Rita Bahuguna Joshi had earlier vowed to rectify. ? Community leaders maintained that as the nikahnama contains all the relevant details pertaining to marriages, the state should treat it as a valid substitute for the registration certificate. he said. s approval, ?
. the bench said. ? In relation to the project report of the second phase of the Yamuna cleaning, it is submitted that it has already been filed before the tribunal as well as sent to the principal committee, ministry of water resources, ? the bench noted.
There? The Jamaican also insisted that he had been provided with extra motivation to win yet another world title following the tragic death of his close friend Germaine Mason, the Olympic silver medal winning high jumper, in a road accident in April. I don? And hopefully they will understand what the sport is going through and what they need to do as athletes to help it move forward. Bolt has raced only three times this season, and last month appeared to be struggling with a back injury, but he insisted he was still the man to beat in the 100m, the qualifying rounds for which start on Friday. ? he said. That is what my team keep telling me so I have to prove myself once more. Usain Bolt has retired unbeatable over that event.
s house in central Delhi? The official said that the fire was minor and put off without incident. ? said a fire official.
A woman in Kerala? She also produced a 2 cm strip of the tongue at the police station. The woman filed a police complaint against her 30- year- old neighbour and said she bit off the tongue when he allegedly tried to force himself on her and kiss her. The photo has been changed.
s Kharkhoda block, comes close on the heels of a series of similar incidents being reported from the state in the last two months. The police said the girl was taken to a hospital by her family on July 29 after she complained of stomach ache. The victim then narrated her ordeal to her mother. The Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act in India allows abortion up to 20 weeks of pregnancy.
When she picked up one of the calls Saturday evening, the caller offered her money for a night out and even abused Koena, the report said. Usually, I don? ? he started talking nonsense and filth, it took me seconds to react. . We have booked the caller under section 509 ( word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of IPC and are investigating the case further.
mahagathbandhan? Of the 22 tainted ministers in the new cabinet, nine mentioned in their affidavits facing serious criminal cases against them. were crorepatis in the GA government, 21 ( 72% ) are crorepatis in the JD( U) - led NDA government. s previous government. Water resources and planning minister and JD( U) legislator from Munger, Rajiv Ranjan Singh, has properties worth Rs 5 crore.
Lakshmibai College in Ashok Vihar will start the crèche in August. Now I can take my classes without having to worry about my child as I can check on him in the crèche in between classes and breastfeed him, ? The crèche will have a working pantry and at least two support staff to take care of the children. ? It is good for the individual as well as the institution, ? she said.
average? The initial study was carried out on more than 600 km of the best roads in Delhi and its suburbs such as the Yamuna Expressway, Delhi Gurgaon Expressway and NH24 to collect the baseline data ? the best fuel- efficient roads. ? s oil imports bill. Kumar said.
Mohandas Menon ( @ mohanstatsman) August 1, 2017The home season will end in December with three Tests, three ODIs and three T20 Internationals against Sri Lanka. ( Read | Virat Kohli ? s Nehru Stadium, which has traditionally hosted ODIs, will be used for he FIFA U- 17 World Cup, we are hoping that Greenfields gets its first Test, ? ? a BCCI official told PTI. he concluded.
But, a student of a government school in Chandigarh makes impossible, possible. Who does not want to work for a reputed firm like Google? Google recruits Harshit as a trainee graphic designer for the time being. Harshit applied for position for the graphic designer, along with which he submitted few of his work, which also included a poster that he designed. However, after the training ends and he becomes a permanent employee, Google will pay him Rs 12 lakh as a monthly remuneration.
Tuesday. The girl, who massaged my head on that day, has already passed out from the school and therefore was not available for comment. the lady teacher claimed. ? But on seeing my condition, she asked me how I was feeling.
incredibly bad? basic? There was no food or refreshments and there was no representative from easyJet, ? A fault with a wing flap was announced by the captain soon after passengers boarded the flight to Gatwick at around 3pm on Sunday, and there was no communication for another hour. Engineers were immediately dispatched to Zante and believed that the technical issue was rectified yesterday, however it then reoccurred before boarding which meant the flight could not operate. The sea turtle breeding season is well under way in Zakynthos. ?
taran adarsh ( @ taran_ adarsh) August 2, 2017Sushant visited the NASA centre in the US in July to prepare for the space adventure to experience zero gravity. . From a miniature Rocket to a life size one , this grown up kid will never cease to Dream. Sushant Singh Rajput ( @ itsSSR) July 23, 2017The actor is reportedly being trained in neutral buoyancy, undergoing spacewalk drills and moon walks, experiencing zero gravity and Orion simulations. ? My mother always wanted her ? it? !
The man was apprehended last evening when a Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) personnel, deployed for the airports security, found him roaming suspiciously inside the terminal- III building, a senior official in airport security said. The man was identified as Nuwan U Fernando, a resident of Sri Lanka, he said.
? said Rahul Dev, SHO sector 53 police station. The women, according to the police, were off- duty and were returning home after a party when the elevator got stuck between the second and third floors. Saturday? s glass.
The face- off between the passengers and the crew ensued after the flight failed to depart even after the said timing. 15 pm and then by another 15 minutes. 25 am. SpiceJet, however, has not responded so far.
s family had sought justice and the panchayat came up with such a weird punishment, ? The officer said that the Hussain? s diktat. ? he said. he added.
chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said. The MU had recently shifted to an online system for assessment of answer papers, which caused a delay in completing the assessment work. ? he said. Fadnavis said.
New Delhi, Aug 1 ( PTI) Shops at the domestic terminal of Delhi airport have been relocated to provide additional space for seamless passenger movement, the government said today. The Committee had said that this could hamper passenger movement incase of a mishap.
We? ? Cancel order! Facing pressure from President Donald Trump to cut the cost of new Air Force One aircraft, the US Air Force is negotiating with Boeing to purchase two 747- 8 jetliners that were built for a Russian airline that went bankrupt before they were delivered. 87 billion through 2021 for development of a new presidential aircraft.
Allahabad, Aug 01 ( PTI) The Allahabad High Court today said it would hear afresh the appeals filed by Rajesh and Nupur Talwar challenging their conviction in the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, seven months after reserving its judgement in the matter. The court had on January 11 last reserved its judgement on the appeals filed by the Noida- based dentist couple who were awarded life imprisonment by a special CBI court at Ghaziabad on November 26, 2013.
676 died after falling off trains. According to the railway data, 348 people died on the Central line while 323 persons died after falling off trains on the Western line this year till June. Activists have been writing to the railway authorities to increase the number of coaches in trains. ? said Niket Kaushik, police commissioner ( GRP) .
Bored in confines of a sprawling resort in Bengaluru, the Congress flock of 44 MLAs is a frustrated lot now. While the minister is presently in New Delhi to seek further course of action, 30 MLAs have been put in- charge of the discipline. The MLAs who were allowed to go out are supposedly those, the Congress is confident of not ditching the party.
s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 5C. Donald Trump? There is only a 5% chance that the Earth will avoid warming by at least 2C come the end of the century, according to new research that paints a sobering picture of the international effort to stem dangerous climate change. MIT research has shown that emissions cuts in the Paris agreement would stave off around 1C of temperature increase by 2100 ? said Raftery. ? Andrew Dessler, a climate scientist at Texas A& M University who was not involved in the study, said the research? s clear these things can change faster than people predict. he said.
The flight, which was scheduled to take off at around 6. he explained. After a swarm of bees held up a Hyderabad- Pune flight last week for more than one hour, the country aviation regulator said it will investigate how a bee hive was allowed to flourish in the airport area. Bees do not pose a threat to the ATR but the engineers and other ground staff who play a major role before take- off would have found it impossible to perform their functions due to their presence. ? Pilots said that the bee hives shouldn?
Pandey was awarded the chief of the air staff commendation by Air Chief Marshal Dhanoa for her performance at the recently concluded ICC Women World Cup, the IAF said. However, the teams magnificent performance to reach the finals won laurels from all quarters.
4% , while Hindu population rose by 21% . s remarks. Individuals voluntarily opting to switch to another religion would have to inform the local deputy commissioner/ collector about the reasons and the place of conversion, failing which he will be liable for prosecution and punishment. said Prem Chand Murmu, president of Adivasi Budhijivi Manch ( ABM) . The Raghubar Das government in Jharkhand on Tuesday cleared the draft of an anti- conversion bill which discourages conversion to another religion through force or allurement even as opposition, religious groups and tribal activists criticised the move. ? he said.
accurate data? , ? branded? He agreed that several illegal migrants have acquired documents to make their stay in the country legal. concentration camps?
Corridor Virodhi Shetkari Sangharsh Samiti? . DMIC officials maintain they are not planning forcible acquisition of land and a majority of the land for the phase one of the project has been acquired through negotiations. ?
s funding. soil purchase? . Kumar in a blistering attack on Prasad on Monday said he had no option but to walk out of the Grand Alliance as he did not want to compromise with corruption. ? RJD? Mehta added.
It angers me that every time some malicious gossip has to be spread, people meaninglessly drag Kangana into their stupid machinations. Period, " Mehta said in a statement. " At the end, the film is a director' s vision and the film campaign will stay close to that only, " Kumar said. Simran is set to release on September 15.
3 million strong PLA, the worlds largest standing army. " The Chinese people love peace. We will never seek aggression or expansion, but we have the confidence to defeat all invasions, " Xi, 64, said at the ceremony held at the Great Hall of the People attended by Premier Li Keqiang and other top leaders of the ruling Communist Party and army officials. Though there was no direct reference to the Sikkim standoff, Xi urged the PLA to focus on war preparedness to forge an elite and powerful force that is always " ready for the fight, capable of combat and sure to win" . " Both the countries are tight- lipped about the outcome of Doval- Yang talks.
s delegation. I could not attend three meetings, as I had to be present at other government and statutory functions. ? On the other hand, education minister Vinod Tawde, transport minister Diwakar Raote, tribal development minister Vishnu Savra and dairy development Minister Mahadev Jankar missed just one meeting each. Galgali said.
The law, already approved by the Duma, the lower house of parliament, will ban the use of virtual private networks ( VPNs) and other technologies, known as anonymizers, that allow people to surf the web anonymously. s website said. unlawful content, ?
Punjabi rapper- singer SukhE? t be such that people in Punjab are able to enjoy my songs, while people in Delhi struggle to comprehend the meaning. Jab mera gaana aaya tha, tab very few people knew about the car brand Jaguar. ? Two years after delivering the hit song, Jaguar, with rapper Bohemia, he feels that the car brand owners should have paid him for promoting them. It shouldn?
The BJP minister said it is unfair to say the government has omitted the description of significant achievements of Congress and NCP leaders. Congress? I don? ? Tawde said.
. he said. state tourism minister Manohar Ajgaonkar told the House. ? The BJP- led Goa government on Tuesday told the state legislative assembly that strict action would be taken against the people found drinking on the state beaches, and if need be, they could even be arrested. Ajgaonkar hailed Drishti Lifesaving Private Ltd for doing ? Ajgaonkar said.
Made in England? markings. During interrogation, she said she had supplied weapons in Delhi- NCR and UP West to different persons on many occasions in the last 15 years, police said. ? s possession. Kushwah said.
thank god? fucking bitches? s tour. she wrote. . Most recently, former champion John McEnroe said Williams would ? Serena Williams, one of the highest paid and most successful athletes in the world, has issued a stirring call for black women to demand equal pay and spoken about the racism she has faced ? I? If my daughter were to play in a sport and she was able to have equal prize money, or equal pay, or equal rights, I feel like that would be a success. ?
New Delhi, Aug 1 ( PTI) Diversified conglomerate ITC today said Ashok Malik, who has been appointed the press secretary of the President of India, has resigned from its board of directors. " Ashok Malik resigned from the board of directors of the company with effect from close of work on July 31, 2017, consequent on his appointment as press secretary to the President of India, " the company said.
Paris, Texas. His work included Angel City, Cowboy Mouth ( in collaboration with Patti Smith that was written in just two nights) and a screenplay for Wim Wenders? ? Before his death, he completed a role in the psychological thriller Never Here with Mireille Enos. t realized what the experience of it would be like ? You don? I was turning down things like Warren Beatty? Well, that? , Harlan Coben tweeted: ?
Paytm? Paytm currently has more than 225 million users. s messaging service will allow users to send audio, video and pictures and texts, the source, who declined to be named, said. Earlier this year, another home grown messaging platform Hike rolled out an in- app electronic payments service to cash in on rising digital transactions in India.
s Monsoon Session: 7. 11: 00 am: Legislative business in the two Houses of Parliament todayIn the Lok SabhaDiscussion and voting on Supplementary Demands for Grants for 2017- 18 & Demands for Excess Grants ( General) for 2014- 15Bills for consideration and passing: The Banking Regulation ( Amendment) Bill, 2017The Central Goods and Services Tax ( Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017The Integrated Goods and Services Tax ( Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017 In the Rajya SabhaCalling attention on the situation arising out of violation of conditions of Letter of Permit by foreign trawlers in deep sea fishing in Indian seas and the action taken by the Government on it. 11: 30 am: TMC? he says. ? Parliamentary Affairs Minister Ananth Kumar saidA BJP MP present in the meeting said Shah wondered if the absentee MPs should be named as the party, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has repeatedly stressed on the need for their presence in Parliament. 12: 29 pm: Rajya Sabha reconvenes. This will be examined but now is not the Time. s Derek O? BJP? 11: 47 am: Rajya Sabha adjourned for a second time till noon. You misunderstand. Ghulam Nabi Azad on government?
Every district is our asset. said Banerjee. ? But people must remember that the hills are a part of West Bengal and will remain so in the future, ? Banerjee said. West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said she will never support the division of the state and urged all political parties in the hills to restore peace and normal life in Darjeeling, where the indefinite shutdown entered its 48th day. she said.
Virat Kohli? s time at the helm that Dhoni quit as Test captain to make way for Kohli in 2014. The way Virat is progressing, he may well catch up with Dhoni. ( Read | Sachin Tendulkar joins PM Narendra Modi in praising Indian women? s all- time greatest captain. ? Shari said. Steve Smith.
Ahead of the bout, Vijender had trolled his Chinese opponent and said that he would try to finish the bout as soon as possible as " Chinese products do not last long" . I am fully prepared for this fight, this will be a big fight of my career as I am eying second belt of my pro career. Vijender, who remained unbeaten since his debut in professional boxing, has fought eight bouts, last one being against former world number one boxer Francis Cheka from Tanzania, where he defended his title. Zulpikar turned towards professional boxing in April 2015.
Senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar demanded a probe into the allegations made by a woman from Sangli district against the minister, who is not from BJP, but from one of the party? Fadnavis said. s resignation. After realising that it was not so, she withdrew the complaint and has now nothing against the minister, ? ? Patil told HT.
Santoshi, a resident of the nearby Prem Nagar Colony, was returning home with her son from a weekly market near the stadium when the incident took place. Additional deputy commissioner of police south Chinmoy Biswal said police have registered a case and are working to arrest the murderer. Doctors told police that she had been stabbed at least five times. The incident took place at around 8pm.
friend- turned- foe? He has also forgotten the day when I made him rule the state and join my alliance with open arms. Taking a jibe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Lalu Prasad said Nitish Kumar used to speak ill of the BJP and today, he is singing the party? ? . biggest leader? Lalu Prasad told ANI. s glory.
s India International Jewellery Show. As soon as the information was received, a combined team of CISF personnel and council members spread out in the hall to locate the Chinese nationals and prevent them from exiting the venue. ? said a CISF official. s airport incharge, ?
Boro said. The train was also stopped at Ghaziabad and the GRP registered the initial complaint from the passengers. ? I asked the three men to deboard the train as they did not have tickets. he said. said Randhir Singh, circle officer ( GRP) , Ghaziabad.
Mohan Nagar to Ghaziabad city. Police resorted to lathicharge as nearly 500 protesters, gathered at the newly constructed Haj House in Ghaziabad, turned violent and pelted stones at the cops. The protesters, led by members of the district Congress committee, on Monday gathered outside the Ala Hazrat Haj House in the city and demanded opening it for Haj pilgrims immediately. ? We told the protesters that the facility has not been locked by the district administration and they have no role in opening or closing it, ? s ecology. Raza had said.
Mounting tensions and conflict in eastern Saudi Arabia, about which the Canadian government has rightly expressed public concern, further indicate how fraught it is for Canada to have authorised the sale of light armoured vehicles to Saudi Arabia at this time, ? People have to know that when you sign a deal with Canada, a change in governments won? ? banana republic? secretary- general Alex Neve said in a statement. real risk? serious violations? green light?
I? I don? . says Taapsee. [ Also] my sister once made a really funny poem with pictures of both of us on a chart paper and gifted that to me. ? she quips.
Approximately 10, 000 consumers have been hit due to the malfunction in a Taiwanese chipset, " MTNL Chairman and Managing Director PK Purwar told The HinduBusinessLine. Though the company took note of the issue only last Thursday, the service apparently was disrupted  for almost a week. " Reportedly, users were being redirected to malicious and web pages with ads and pornography.
. ? It was a mob that attacked the family and I have suffered for it, ? s Samajwadi Party, which was seen to be favouring Muslims ? Vishal? He said the court took cognisance of the fact that it was a mob attack and the accused had been in jail for 22 months.
appraisal, state- run People? precision micro- blasting? In the middle of the tunnel, workers will build a spacious and well- decorated station right under the Great Wall, with a record- breaking construction space of 36, 000 square metres, the Xinhua News Agency reported. ? Dai added. Luo Duhao, chief engineer of the Beijing- Zhangjiakou High- Speed Railway Line, being built by China Railway Number 5 Engineering Group Co said the firm will employ ? record- breaking.
a short introductory meeting? The Trump Tower meeting has proved to be one of the most toxic pieces of information to emerge so far in the billowing investigation into possible ties between Trump associates and Russia in the Kremlin? s role in what turned out to be a major communications fiasco come on the day that his current communications chief, Anthony Scaramucci, was dismissed from the White House after barely 11 days. . ? Jay Sekulow said. 30am with Trump tweeting ? Kushner?
? 8. 16am BST   8. s not normal. Beastiality is best? Updated at 8. Fuck a wallaby! s a final submission from someone who used to work as a residential tutor, who contacted Guardian Australia anonymously to share their story: I was working in one of the residential colleges as a member of the staff, and was supporting a student through a case of sexual assault. I was new to the city and did not know anyone and at college I had ready- made friends, some of whom remain close friends now. d done. t move. mediation session? . sexual exploits. higher education?
culinary comfort. ? he regretted. We like roti, dal and kadhi, so there is a change, ? bhakhri? Reluctant to leave anything to chance before the August 8 vote which has senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel vying for one of the three Rajya Sabha seats from Gujarat, the party leadership has decided to arrange for a Gujarati chef for the legislators? Shaikh explained.
he added. s contemporary economy. Panagariya said he informed the Prime Minister, who is the ex- officio chairman of Niti Aayog, about his decision about two months ago after Columbia University refused to make an exemption for him and extend his two- year, public- service leave. ? The 64- year- old professor of economics was picked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in January 2015 to head the National Institution for Transforming India, better known as Niti Aayog, which replaced the Planning Commission. Panagariya said he informed the Prime Minister, who is the ex- officio chairman of Niti Aayog, about his decision about two months ago after Columbia University refused to make an exemption for him and extend his two- year, public- service leave. The organisation? ready.
F- O- R- T- Y E- I- G- H- T cuts. The blow from the censor board comes just days after news broke that Pahlaj Nihalani might have to step down as the CBFC chairman owing to the numerous controversies that his methods have landed him in. OPINION: Nawazuddin Siddiqui is the finest actor we have. ( sic) " read Nawaz' s tweet. Why the racism, Bollywood?
Authorities in Pakistan? detention expired on July 27. According to the notification, ? Abdul Rehman Makki who is the central leader of the JuD has been making preparations for the purpose and has launched a secret campaign to muster support of the workers, ? ? liberty?
requesting consultations? We? REMAIN HOPEFUL? The complaint does not put a value on the trade boycott, and al- Thani declined to estimate how much Qatar could seek in sanctions if the litigation ever reached that stage, which can take 2- 5 years or longer in the WTO system. ? Qatar filed a wide- ranging legal complaint at the World Trade Organization on Monday to challenge a trade boycott by Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates, the director of Qatar? al- Thani said. he said.
However, most of the independent directors of the company except Nusli Wadia, who was removed from the board in December last year, saw their remunerations grow in high double digits, as per the companys Annual Report for 2016- 17. Ravi Pisharody, erstwhile Executive Director and former head of the companys commercial vehicles ( CV) business unit who had quit the company last month, saw his salary drop by 17 per cent to Rs 2. 1 crore. 14 crore last fiscal, a cut of 12 per cent. He was paid Rs 22.
If one does not recite Vande Mataram nothing is wrong in that, ? ? Vande Mataram. he asked, while addressing the Maharashtra Gramin Patrakar Sangh? Athawale, the leader of Republican Party of India ( A) , said the issue of the national song was being brought out deliberately to cause feud among communities.
regular customers? Manish Mishra, the assistant superintendent of police, said. The accused brought the weapons and cartridges, which we found were manufactured at an illegal arms factory owned by one Mobin, who is also a co- accused in the case. ? Mishra said.
He claimed the Bihar chief minister did not disclose the criminal case that was pending against him in affidavits since 2004, except for 2012. ? s membership as per the Election Commission? he said.
Promoter Kasliwal had borrowed an amount close to Rs 6, 500 crore from various banks. The Karnataka High Court today refused to give the passport of the promoters of S Kumar' s a company owned by Nitin Shambhu Kumar Kasliwal. Investors, today, will think thoroughly before investing their money as the courts have now taken cognizance of the gravity of such crimes and have began taking stern decisions to avoid similar frauds. S Kumar' s had introduced the famous Scottish fabric brand Reid and Taylor in India of which Amitabh Bachchan was the brand ambassador.
The high court today came down heavily on the Maharashtra government after an affidavit was filed by Women and Child Development Secretary Vineeta Singhal in a case of corruption in the Dongri Children' s Home of Mumbai. There were also reports that juveniles were being kept in the children' s home in violation of norms. The affidavit does not mention anything about the action that the government has taken against accused persons in the Dongri Children' s Home case. Assurance is not going to help. " We expect some seriousness. Therefore, we directed the secretary to file the affidavit. "
The MISA detainees on? The group submitted a memorandum to Gadkari, briefing him about the facilities and recognition extended to detainees in states like UP, MP, Bihar and Chhattisgarh. Democracy Warrior? ? says former Union minister Vilas Muttemwar. s demand.
? . may pose a threat to the safety of the general public, dignitaries, and vital installations by the use of sub- conventional aerial platforms, ? a police statement said.
? Some people just know how to work a red carpet. # Domino # DeadPool2 pic. twitter. Ryan Reynolds ( @ VancityReynolds) July 31, 2017The snap is a callback to one of the first photos of Reynolds as Deadpool, the one where he was lying on a rug in front of a huge fireplace.
Dutch police have arrested five men suspected of stealing ? Kraszewski said: ? Not any more. Romanian police released a video, shot from a police helicopter of a similar raid from 2012, where thieves drove up behind a truck using an angle grinder to break open the doors and steal goods while other members of the gang held- back traffic in other cars. ?
s famed Angkor temple complex. s most populous pre- industrial centres. The Apsara agency said the sandstone statue? The nearly two metre tall carving, which is thought to be from the late 12th to the early 13th century, was discovered during a dig on Saturday, said Long Kosal, a spokesman for Apsara Authority ? remain beautiful?
Ketan Shah, team? ? And even now meeting with the minister is not yet confirmed and they have to wait for another five- to- six hours at the Nehru Stadium, ? twitter. said Avinash Gupta father of Deaflympics tennis player Parul Gupta. added Gupta.
s degree holder. The report said majority ( 23 lakh) of the beneficiary of H- 1B visas were in the age group of 25- 34, and 20 lakh came from the computer related occupation category. Computer was followed by architecture, engineering, and surveying ( 318, 670) , education ( 244, 000) , administrative specialisations ( 245, 000) , and medicine and health ( 185, 000) . The USCIS? ?
While he tried lifting it, he found it be heavy. It is suspected that the woman was murdered and her body was stuffed inside the suitcase and dumped at the farm, which is located in a secluded area. DCP S Pathare from Navi Mumbai said, " We have sent pictures of the deceased to all the police stations and control rooms to establish her identity. Sandhya' s son Raghuveer was accused of her murder.
The NHAI has repeatedly asked the power company to shift the lines but to no avail. ? Anil Yadav, superintending engineer ( SE) , HVPN, said, ? The National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) is finding it tough to finalise construction of a flyover at Iffco chowk due to the presence of high tension overhead electricity wires. Chief minister Manohar Lal?
5 million ( 65 lakh) monthly active users. 5 million monthly active usersMr Gulzar Azad then spoke about how Google is taking steps to make the RailTel initiative financially viableSince April, we have made the login process Ad supported and that is helping RailTel from an ISP perspective. I feel that is also a very interesting, emerging phenomenon. This is a great question. Q: At the Nizamuddin railway station and the New Delhi railway station, which I visited a few weeks ago, the advertising is quite minimal. If you compare this with Wi- Fi in London and San Francisco, you will find that the Wi- Fi is better in both coverage and capacityNote: The network is dynamically adjusted in such a way that priority is given to those who are logging in for the first time. If you compare this with Wi- Fi in London and San Francisco, you will find that the Wi- Fi is better in both coverage and capacityNote: The network is dynamically adjusted in such a way that priority is given to those who are logging in for the first time. So what is Google and RailTel' s future plans regarding awareness? There are various channels of awareness.
s instruction, ? ? t asked for any security cover. The security cover was given to nine of the 51 Congress MLAs who stayed back in Gujarat as well as the 42 that the party took to Bengaluru on Friday to shield them from the alleged poaching attempts. Vaghela too visited the area on Saturday and criticised the six Congress MLAs from northern Gujarat for ditching the people at their hour of need. The BJP? Besides, rebel BJP lawmaker Nalin Kotadiya could switch sides.
? Abu Dujana, a top Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) commander operating in Kashmir, was killed on Tuesday in an encounter with security forces in Pulwama district, police said. There were reports that Dujana was trapped by security forces at was a house in Hakripora village where he had allegedly gone to meet a local woman he had married some time ago. as a precautionary measure? .
real democracy? s PML- N party. thanksgiving day? . Pakistan? Last year, Khan received a timely boost with the leak of the so- called Panama Papers, giving credence to his attacks against the political establishment, whom he has called ? When we decided to move against Nawaz in the Panama case, everyone said it was a mistake because in the past, the powerful and mighty ones have been protected. ? This is is not a democracy but monarchy. said Ishfaq.
s life. A post shared by Manisha Koirala ( @ m_ koirala) on Jul 20, 2017 at 1: 12pm PDT Manisha adds that she doesn? Manisha doesn? I don? ? t shy away from confessing that she had to pace up to be at par with the changing times and her presence on social media is an outcome of that. .
A T- 72 tank, operated by a crew from Uganda, drives during the Tank Biathlon competition, part of the International Army Games 2017, at a range in the settlement of Alabino outside Moscow, Russia, July 29, 2017. ( REUTERS)  						The Indian Army team has been participating in the competition for the past three years. ? the Army said.
While infrastructure in Pakistan- occupied Kashmir ( PoK) is getting a facelift owing to a torrent of Chinese investment, the terrorism framework in the area too is getting revamped in a bid to foment trouble in India, an India Today TV investigation on ground zero has found. Many people living in Gilgit and Baltistan are unnerved by the increasing Chinese presence in the area and feel that their resources and land are being sold to China by Pakistan without compensating the actual stakeholders, India Today TV found. China' s " development" projects" in PoK and neighbouring Gilgit- Baltistan that involve several thousand Chinese personnel belonging to the construction corps of the People' s Liberation Army ( PLA) point towards Beijing' s expansionist geo- strategic agenda in the region. There are some in PoK who believe that the China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) is going to help economic prosperity in the area but that will be clear only when the projects are completed and locals are engaged by Pakistan in economic activities. Pakistan China' s new colony? Leaked papers reveal Beijing' s stake in economy, key projects
Runway 14- 32 ( the secondary one) was in use as runway 09- 27 ( the main one) was taken over for inspection as Etihad Airways flight EY 204 had a tyre deflated after arrival on the main runway, ? intersecting each other. ? , and it was ?
It has been sent by Tony Abbott, the former Prime Minister of Australia. Yes, the same man who took Modi on a tour of the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 2014. I have know the Australian PM for long and, because cricket is loved equally in both the countries, he sent this bat as a gift for Mr. Modi through me, " Manpreet told India Today. I will always cherish our friendship. "
major? averting a major incident? Crew suspected a lithium battery fire and put the luggage in water after failing to stop the smoke with a fire extinguisher, an airline statement said. . ?
white powder? chitta? ? s Sunam candidate who lost to an AAP nominee, said that though the results in Sunam were not like other parts of the state where Congress won, ? Even as chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh and his government in Punjab claim that their drive against drugs has been a huge success ever since the Congress came to power in March, party MLA Surjit Dhiman said on Monday that ? .
s funds. Dean of Colleges Devesh K Sinha said they have written a letter to the government on Monday assuring them that the governing bodies will be formed within a week or two. ? Twelve DU colleges are fully funded by the Delhi government, including Shaheed Raj Guru College, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College, Maharaja Agarsen College, Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies. twitter. However, we are in the process and soon the bodies will be formed, ? duly constitute?
lynchistan? Slamming the BJP governments in Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh, the Congress leader said: ? Kharge said. The Congress on Monday accused the NDA government of encouraging cow vigilantism and said there was an environment of fear and terror among the people. ? On one hand you disown these people, but what action is being taken against them?
Lucknow, Jul 31 ( PTI) The Uttar Pradesh government will have to construct 44, 000 toilets per day to make the state open defecation free ( ODF) by October 2 next year, Chief Secretary Rajive Kumar today said. To achieve the target, 44, 000 toilets are to be made everyday, " Kumar said while reviewing works done under the Swacch Bharat Mission through video conferencing. 55 crore toilets are to be constructed.
embarrassment? I would be taking up the matter with the Centre too and suggest reducing the height of the flag. to all. City flag also taken off Besides the Tricolour at the border, the administration has also taken off 170- feet high flag at Ranjit Avenue area in Amritsar, as it too got torn 13 times. ? MP Aujla said, ?
V Umashankar, MCG commissioner, said, ? free parking? Earlier, in March, the MCG had decided not to levy property tax on commercial spaces of malls and other office establishments if they provided free parking in their basements. Prominent among these establishments are DLF City Court shopping centre- cum- office, Grand Mall, Mega City Mall, Vipul Agora Mall and Solitaire Plaza Hotel on MG Road. ? It is a win- win situation for all, ?
Shah? Shah asked. ? Shah also rubbished the allegations that under him the BJP is creating rifts in the Opposition ranks be it in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh or Gujarat. We did not have a hand in the developments there as Nitishji wasn? political corruption? s grand alliance? I don?
a great day at the White House? ? The New York Post reported that Scaramucci? . who would be asked to resign ( he later was) , and that Scaramucci was not like Steve Bannon, the chief strategist, because ? Named director of communications after having been denied a White House role earlier, the New York financier and Republican fundraiser promptly threatened to fire everyone in his team over leaks. anti- American? Lest anyone retain any doubt about why Trump pressed the big red button, he told NBC in a primetime interview the firing was tied to ? Scaramucci? s card had alway been marked, less over his initial blocking of Scaramucci, which enraged the Mooch, or by his closeness to the House speaker, Paul Ryan, than by his private advice to Trump to quit the presidential race after 8 October, when the infamous Access Hollywood ? s policy positions. Oct 8th coalition? tweeted Curbelo.
An 18- year- old man was apprehended on Sunday for allegedly carrying three live bullets in his bag while entering a Delhi metro station, a senior officer said. Three live bullets of 7. 62 calibre were recovered from the bag, the officer said.
3: 35 pm: BJD? The cases of violence Mr. Kharge is mentioning are already in the courts, so why is he saying all this? BJP? Our battle is against Hindutva and not Hinduism: Owaisi5: 32 pm: When we should be discussion about digital India, it is sad irony that we are discussing about mob lynching: ? . s statement. During the discussion, Congress MP Mallikarjun Kharge criticised the Prime Minister for not talking about the issue enough and listed the various incidents of lynchings across the country. Roy says. He says he has a few suggestions. 12: 57 pm: Yadav says, ? ? The ancestors of the Muslims were Hindus. Is the mob lynching of DSP Ayub Pandith in J& K not an incident worth mentioning? Kharge says. Yadav asks. 12: 12 pm: Lok Sabha postpones Zero Hour to end of the day. Centre can?
The Centre can? ? The Gorkha Janamukti Morcha has given a ten- day deadline to the Centre to intervene in the Gorkhaland statehood stir as the indefinite shutdown in the hills entered its 47th day on Monday. GJM assistant general secretary Binay Tamang told reporters on Sunday night. Barring medicine shops, business establishments, restaurants, hotels, schools and colleges remained closed.
s jurisdiction. It will also have to design the routes for these tracks and plan any other requirements or alterations to the traffic flow on the roads hosting the cycle tracks, an official from the state public works department said. ? Read: Cycle of change: Mumbai? Similarly, a 13- km cycling track, costing Rs6. 5 crore, in Mumbai?
s Indira Gandhi International Airport ( IGIA) . a DRI official said. The seizure was made on Thursday, but the DRI is still counting the number of watches and evaluation is on. ? There are different models, ?
gau rakshaks? who have killed and attacked people. The Chhattisgarh government will begin an ambulance service for cows, chief minister Raman Singh said, joining a number of BJP- ruled states to put a stronger focus on protection of the animal that is considered sacred by Hindus. ? Singh said.
Members of the Aam Aadmi Sena ( AAS) took a leaking cylinder to four different compressed natural gas checking centres across the national capital and in all four centres they managed to get a pass certificate for the leaking cylinder. If nothing is done within the next four days then we will take to the streets with various transport unions, " said Mishra. We are sure he will take the needful action, " said AAS president Prabhat Kumar. "
architects of authoritarianism? Maduro? ? he said afterwards. The assembly, he said in a television address ahead of the vote, will be empowered to strip opposition legislators of immunity from prosecution. s poor majority. Opposition leader María Corina Machado told reporters that this moment was the beginning of a new phase for Venezuela. actively containing? s vote. .
Our youth is very strong minded. . That apart, if there is any story that is interesting, I do it. " Considering the fact that the Hindi film industry is going through a rough patch and that footfalls in theatres are decreasing, Akshay was asked if ticket price is one of the reasons behind that. Toilet Ek Prem Katha is Akshay Kumar' s second release in 2017, after Jolly LLB 2 that hit the screens this Holi. Kumar was honoured with the Best Actor title at the National Film Awards this year, for his work in last year' s Rustom.
Dr BS Sharma, senior professor from neuro- surgery, who was a member of AIIMS faculty for more than 25 years, has joined a private medical institute in Jaipur while another professor from the department, Dr Sumit Sinha has moved to Paras Hospitals, a super speciality medicare chain. FIRST TIME" It has never happened in the history of AIIMS, " a senior faculty member, speaking on the condition of anonymity, told Mail Today. " If the same doctor applies to a private institution, particularly with AIIMS experience, he is likely to get three times of his current pay. At present, it has been enforced only for staff group B, C and D. In February this year, a committee was formed for the implementation of revised pay rules and the matter was discussed that pay scale should be made higher and new allowances should be given to the faculty. Why would he stay on? " ALSO READ |
A 190- year- old Jain temple at Byculla is the latest addition to the growing list of religious and educational institutions and housing societies, who are harnessing solar energy for an eco- friendly future. This electricity is generated at plants that use coal, gas or oil to generate electricity. said Jagdishchandra Chandulalji Mehta, managing trustee. ? said Kiranrajji Mangalilalji Shah, chairperson, Sheth Motisha Jain Religious and Charitable Trust. We first want to test the system for three months before installing more panels in the phase II. We congratulate the different religious groups that have come forward and adopted renewable energy means to produce electricity.
s sentiment. holy garb? Yadav, the MP from Madhubani in Bihar, said a fight between two ideologies has been going on for several decades and asserted those who follow the path of ? have put on ? ? Vande Mataram?
solitary inn? The listed building, which boasts panoramic views of the surrounding area, is regularly cut off by heavy snowfall and current landlady Louise Peace said she had been snowed in about 50 times, for between three and 11 days, since she bought it with her husband in 2005. s a fantastic place, it needs a family that can pass it on to the next generation, ? ? It? t. It?
Other suspects in the case include former petroleum secretary Abid Saeed, Inter State Gas Systems ( ISGS) managing director Mobin Saulut, private firm Engros chief executive officer Emranul Haq and the Sui Southern Gas Companys ( SSGC) ex- MD Zuhair Ahmed Siddiqui, the report said. After Sharifs disqualification, the Pakistan Muslim League- Nawaz ( PML- N) nominated Abbasi as its candidate for the prime ministers post for an interim period before Punjab Chief Minister and Nawazs brother Shehbaz Sharif replaces him for the remaining 10 months of the governments term. The case was registered on the complaint of Shahid Sattar, an energy expert and former member of the Planning Commission and the SSGC board of directors, along with others, accusing Abbasi of misusing his authority and causing a potential USD 2 billion loss to the national exchequer in 15 years. The NAB documents said that it had been recommended that the names of all accused in the case, including that of Abbasi, should be placed on the Exit Control List ( ECL) and the process was ongoing, the report said.
She says, ? I am not getting any good offers, and frankly, I will never play crappy roles like [ the] heroine? ? Everyone on the sets says that it was commendable of me to pick up live comedy so quickly. Before Bahu Hamari. .
The Prime Minister tweeted as well, " he said, referring to Modi' s tweet congratulating him on taking a stand against corruption by his resignation. The mandate of the people ( in Bihar in 2015) was not for this, " the Rajya Sabha member said on Nitish Kumar' s decision to break the JD- U' s alliance with the Grand Alliance of the RJD and the Congress in the state. ON DUMPING LALUDefending his decision to dump Lalu, Nitish said he " put up with a lot" during his two- year alliance with Lalu Prasad' s RJD and claimed he had no option but to call it off.  " JD- U DIVIDED" I do not agree with the decision in Bihar. It is unfortunate, " Yadav told reporters outside Parliament. "
mate Valtteri Bottas. I don? There was little doubt that Vettel deserved the 25 points, both he and Raikkonen having a pace advantage in the early stage over Mercedes. But in terms of how the drivers and this team operates, we stick to what we say and if the consequences are as much as losing the championship, then we will take it. ? he said. needed win, ? Maurizio Arrivabene, Ferrari? true team player?
New Delhi, Jul 31 ( PTI) As many as 43 per cent of the countrys employees are in the unorganised sector and efforts are on to provide them EPF, ESIC and other benefits, the Lok Sabha was informed today. 7 crore of them were in the construction sector.
More than a million households had been affected and losses to farmlands were being assessed. Army, Air Force and National Disaster Response Force ( NDRF) personnel rescued 12, 798 people, of which 825 were airlifted by the IAF. Several of the affected roads are still under water which will delay the construction work, it said. ALSO READ: Help those affected in Gujarat, Assam floods, Aamir Khan appeals on Twitter
s history. Jolie said. that the filmmakers went to extraordinary lengths to be sensitive in addressing the psychological stresses on the cast and crew that were inevitable in making a movie about the genocide carried out in Cambodia by the Khmer Rouge. ? ( AFP)  						? game? .
Gupta? ? Siddiqui added. He told us he stole the sarees because he wanted his wife to shine among other women in their community pageant, ? Sawan Sundari? said Siddiqui.
Padmavati is being directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, and Shahid is happy about collaborating with him for the first time. ( AFP)  						? ? s awesome to be working with someone whose work I have admired in the recent past. It? Shahid said.
The latest being actor Bhumi Pednekar, who has a host of good things to say about Akshay with whom she recently worked in Toilet: Ek Prem Katha. ? Asked if she thinks that the film will actually turn the spotlight on to the problem of open defecation, she adds. Bringing to you our sweet little Prem Katha London # toiletuktakeover # toiletekpremkatha @ akshaykumar ? It? We can? she says.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has time and again claimed that corruption has come down since he took charge and that providing graft- free rule is on top of his priority. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW: RULES TO PROBE CORRUPTION CASES AMENDED Changing an over 50- year- old rule, the government in June set a deadline of six months to complete probe in corruption cases involving its employeesThe decision has been taken to speed up the investigation in such cases, most of them pending for quiet a long timeThe Department of Personnel and Training ( DoPT) has amended Central Civil Services ( Classification, Control and Appeal) Rules, 1965, and decided time- line for critical stages of investigation and enquiry proceedings. ALSO READ: India most corrupt nation in Asia, most Indians believe PM Modi is checking itJolt to PM Modi' s crusade against corruption as CVC' s portal crashes, data against corrupt officials deleted
Raising the issue through a notice under rule 267 that seeks setting aside of the business to take up discussion on the issue, Pramod Tiwari ( Cong) said force was used against the villagers protesting against demolition. Finance minister and Leader of the House Arun Jaitley said Babbar cannot be present at both the places - the dharna site and Parliament at the same time and he has to decide where he wants to be. He said there were 41 ordnance factories in the country, manufacturing some 600 items for defence. Kurien however disallowed the notice.
dialogue agents? incredibly crafty negotiators? The tweet came after Zuckerberg, during a Facebook livestream earlier this month, castigated Musk for arguing that care and regulation was needed to safeguard the future if AI becomes mainstream. . ? s really negative and in some ways I actually think it is pretty irresponsible, ? sacrifice? t understand it.
cheri? slum people? Krishnasamy said he had already demanded that Haasan and the channel ( Star Vijay TV) tender the apology a fortnight ago for the remarks made by Gayatri Raghuram, while referring to another actor that her? ? .
The boy then jumped off and killed himself. The players are supposed to send the evidence of their completion to the game' s administrator who then qualifies them to attempt the next task. Sources within the Mumbai Police tell India Today that the boy is believed to have been addicted to an online game known as ' Blue Whale' . On Saturday, a neighbour from a building adjoining the boy' s spotted the teenager on the terrace, walking on parapet while shooting what seemed to be a selfie video. For the final task, players are directed to jump off a terrace building while, again, documenting the act in the form of photos/ video.
Speaking to the media, Surender Kumar, DCP ( south- west) , vehemently opposed villagers? But even as the villagers were discussing this unusual activity, a similar case happened in another house in the village with a population of over 5, 000. she told HT. ? When her granddaughter visited the drawing room a few minutes later, she found the woman unconscious on the floor. s homes, ? I don? the DCP said.
Oh yeah. . All we need is for Deadpool 2 to be great, " says Miller.
In 2014, a fire broke out on the same floor. s third floor which houses coal and fertilizer ministries. Shastri Bhawan accommodates ministries of law, information and broadcasting, human resources development, corporate affairs, chemicals and petrochemicals.
If that? A photograph of the school which has 34 children clearly shows that the room in which they are studying is a toilet that was built by the government. Now, that? he told HT. ?
s air. s air has shot up. Microscopic particles, PM10 and PM2. ? We have already drawn up a draft plan for the proper disposal of the road dust that is collected by the mechanical sweepers. said a senior official of the state public works department.
s teenage daughter. That? ? The woman has been arrested and investigations are on to ascertain the exact reason for the murder, ? said Singh.
30am, police said. They hurled stones at the office, police said. Window panes of the CITU office were damaged in the attack believed to be carried out by a gang of five men who reached there on three motorcycles at 2. Condemning the incident, the CPI( M) Kottayam district secretary VN Vasavan alleged that BJP- RSS activists were behind the attack.
Fourth- seeded Rahul surpassed compatriot Karan Rajan Rajarajan 21- 15 21- 13 in the summit clash to lay claim to the title at the Molade Okoya- Thomas Hall of the Teslim Balogun Stadium on Saturday. | ? s singles, India? s Thilini Pramodika Hendahewa in the finals.
? Reports have said Kumar and finance minister Arun Jaitley spoke to Yadav and tried to mollify him. Talking to mediapersons in Delhi, Yadav said the mandate was not for the JD ( U) to join hands with the BJP. Kumar? communal and fascist forces?
The incident of two boys being allegedly forced to recite the Quran and espouse the cause of Islam at a Mewat school came to light after they applied for a School Leaving Certificate and a transfer. ? s father, Mohan Sharma, added that the only solution he could think of was getting his son out of the school. Kaushal? s father said. the complaint reads.
Constituent Assembly? s government. A wave of bloodshed swept Venezuela on Sunday as troops cracked down on violent protests against elections to choose the members of a powerful assembly that President Nicolas Maduro has tasked with writing a new constitution. sanctions on Maduro? The people are not going to give up the streets until this awful government goes, ? massacre? ? US State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement. s flawed election, ?
Sadiq and Ameen? The law under Article 62 also states that he who shall be elected a Member of Parliament should be sagacious, righteous and non- profligate, honest and ameen, there being no declaration to the contrary by a court of law, Malik said in a recent opinion piece in The Nation. If I had done something wrong; or took something from this country that was not mine, I would have felt the guilt myself, ? ? he observed. . he said.
s sovereignty, President Xi Jinping told China? illegally trespassed? It was the first time that Xi presided over such a large military parade in the field, official news agency, Xinhua reported. invading? ? to which soldiers replied ? invading enemies? and that ? Forge exemplary conduct!
Kamara said. any group of persons now found jogging in the streets without authorisation will be dealt with according to law. Bah said on Facebook. . ? You have been warned.
A post shared by Stuart Broad ( @ stuartbroad8) on Jul 29, 2017 at 1: 03am PDT While Root and Broad posted on social media about their travel in the tube, there was one man who seemingly enjoyed the journey without actually being there. ? pic. It was Alex Hales. Alex Hales ( @ AlexHales1) July 29, 2017Almost as smug as this one!
enjoying themselves? charge of poaching its MLAs in Gujarat, the BJP has said it had no role in the recent desertion by six of its legislators and wondered whether they were ? purchasable? In Ahmedabad, chief minister Vijay Rupani alleged that the decision to fly the Congress MLAs to Bengaluru amid flood- like situation in the state was taken by Patel out of his ? ? s ? sank Congress. Similarly, Ahmed Patel?
The court noted that keeping stray dogs would " cause fear and discomfort" to others living or coming there " who are not accustomed to keeping pet dogs" . " It shall also be the obligation of respondent nos. The order comes in the backdrop of a January order of the Supreme Court which categorically said " stray dogs have a right to live. " The order came on the plea by one Om Prakash Saini, who jointly holds the property with the two respondents, claiming that keeping and feeding the stray dogs in the common driveway was " causing immense nuisance and harassment for the other residents" . It directed the Station House Officer of Malviya Nagar police station, under whose jurisdiction the property fell, to ensure strict compliance of this order.
? We have received about 10 lakh new registrations. GSTN chairman Navin Kumar told Hindustan Times. While the window to migrate from the existing structure to the unified tax regime will be open till July end, Kumar said several may not migrate to the new tax structure as businesses with turnover of up to Rs 20 lakh were exempted from GST.
week: Police Ghaziabad, Jul 29 ( PTI) The Ghaziabad police today said it has arrested five persons on charges of smuggling liquor and three for alleged drug peddling in the past week during several raids in the district. Senior Superintendent of Police H N Singh said in this week the police has recovered 304 cartons of liquor during its routine checking drives at intersections of Sector C- 8 and A- 7 under Tronica City Police Station.
No other injuries were reported. German media reported that rescue teams in Cologne had practised for an incident on the gondola just a week ago. Mr Rieger said. ? Fortunately, we were given hand signals to tell us we should remain calm and the incident was nothing bad.
self- appointed protectors of Hinduism? We would be doing a disservice to our country if we do not stand up and speak for the liberal and secular values that our Constitution espouses. ? The letter also expressed concern over alleged climate of fear and suppression of dissent, as it backed the ? The Telegraph quoted the letter as saying.
Trash the city and you may end up behind bars. The imprisonment would vary from one month to six months depending on severity of the violation. " . To deter litterbugs, Delhi' s BJP- ruled civic bodies are planning to make discarding of waste in public places and even allowing mosquito breeding in households a criminal offence with appropriate jail terms under the Indian Penal Code. The East Delhi Municipal Corporation has already issued orders in this regard and the two other agencies will follow suit, officials said. A senior MCD official said mosquito breeding in households is a key concern of the civic body as this could result into the outbreak of vectorborne diseases like dengue and chikungunya. "
In an exclusive conversation with India Today, the party' s former general secretary, Amar Singh, said that the Samajwadi Party has a dark future without its leader, Mulayam Singh Yadav. Recalling how Mughal emperor Aurangzeb had held his father Shahjahan captive during tussle for the throne. " Reacting to the exit of two party legislators from the UP Upper House, Amar Singh said, " I am not happy at what is happening to the party which I raised with so much hard work and I am also not responding to any calls from Mulayam Singh Yadav since I was ousted twice from the Samajwadi Party and humiliated. " Secularism has become a farce. ALSO READ: Amit Shah in Lucknow: 2 Samajwadi MLCs quit, 3 MLAs ' waiting' to join BJP
severe? very severe? to ? Bhuj, which was struck by a massive earthquake in 2001 in which 20, 000 people were killed, Chandigarh, Ambala, Amritsar, Ludhiana and Roorkee fall under zones IV and V. Kusala Rajendran, a professor at the Indian Institute of Science ( IISc) , Bengaluru, and an expert on paleoseismology, earthquake recurrence and active tectonics, said most of the cities in the list have a high population density and fall in the Indo- Gangetic plains. categories respectively. she observed.
If their leaders are leaving them, it has nothing to do with us, ? he said. ? The party shepherded 44 lawmakers on Friday night to the holiday retreat in Karnakata after a spate of resignation of its MLAs amid allegations that the ruling BJP in Gujarat were bribing and coercing them ahead of the August 5 vice- presidential election. . Govil said. Besides, rebel BJP lawmaker Nalin Kotadiya could switch sides.
said Khandelwal. shortly after 1. ? s four- year- old grandson Divyansh as they rummaged through the house before escaping with gold and diamond jewellery worth around Rs 20 lakh. s led the men to flee, Khandlewal said, adding that they did not touch the cash and other jewellery in the house. Her scream?
Lesnar replied. ? Lesnar beat Mark Hunt at UFC 200 in a unanimous decision that was changed to a no- contest after the failed test. Brock Lesnar, if you want to know what it feels like to get your ass kicked by a guy who weighs 40 pounds less than you, meet me in the octagon, ? s interested. anytime, anywhere.
Speaker of Gujarat Assembly Ramanlal Vohra today criticised the Opposition for pinning the blame on BJP after six Congress MLAs resigned this week just ahead of Rajya Sabha polls. Or has someone offered them money to resign? Speaking to India Today, Vohra said " I am performing my duty properly and before accepting the resignations of all 6 MLAs, I had word with them and asked them specifically is there any pressure on them?
The civic amenities in the city are prone to failure in the event of heavy rains due to the lack of drainage in most of the city, as was witnessed a couple of years earlier when heavy rainfall caused vast property damage in the city and the municipal authorities struggled for days to clear the water- logging in the low- lying areas. Agra has had 53 per cent lower rainfall this year, with just 123. 3 mm rainfall. 4 mm. Meanwhile, Agra District Magistrate Gaurav Dayal has instructed all Sub- Divisional Magistrates and Additional District Magistrates of Agra to prepare reports of the drought so that the compensation amounts could be decided for the farmers. 8 mm rains against 238. ALSO READ:
! Thank u for all the kind words Tyron Woodley . God speed, god bless. SK! @ TWooodley pic.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had inaugurated the memorial at Peikulam, Rameswaram, the birthplace of Kalam, on July 27. The government was applauded for the memorial but it was also criticised for putting the Bhagavad Gita next to the statue of Kalam playing a ' veena' . The next controversy waiting to happen is the vast usage of saffron like color in his memorial which can anytime be picked up by Tamil politicians.
medium- sized bug? Quarles said the blaze started on Monday after she tried to burn a bug that was found in the unit? . ? Quarles said. s coming, I? m going.
s forthcoming film Gold. . Sidhwani also confirmed that Mouni is playing the lead role with Akshay Kumar, and that the film is at present being shot in Leeds. It? You will not be able to measure the success as nobody has the data, but audience? ?
. Monitoring and collection of sales tax at inter- state check posts led to major traffic congestion at these points, resulting in slower movement of freight and passenger, and consequently higher costs and pollution, it said and added, an average Indian truck covers only about 50, 000- 60, 000 km a year as against 3 lakh km done by a truck in the US. This, coupled with the proposed E- way bill that will require online registration for movement of goods worth more than Rs 50, 000, will ease the movement of freight further, and bring in more transparency to the whole process. This means, a leaner and smarter logistics chain. 5 per cent.
Amethi ( UP) , Jul 30 ( PTI) Brothers in this district have lined up a different gift for their sisters this Raksha Bandhan - a toilet. The lavatory will be constructed by the registered brothers with their own resources, she said.
. I will try to find out what made him speak like this, ? fatwa? As part of the so- called grand alliance, Nitish Kumar had worked hard to woo the Muslim community and his decision to join hands with the BJP is unlikely to go down well it. ? I don? An MLA from Sikta in West Champaran, Ahmad shouted the slogan, normally associated with BJP supporters, outside the Bihar assembly on Friday after chief minister Nitish Kumar won the trust vote he faced after breaking ties with the RJD- Congress alliance and joining hands with the BJP. Shamshi said. communal agenda?
urgently? EasyJet employee hitting man holding baby after delay of over 14hours # easyJet # Telegraph # Dailymail # TheSun pic. . A fellow passenger said the man was struck after families had been held up because of delayed flight EZY2122 from Nice to Luton, with little access to information or space to sit down. said Arkwright. ? it said.
s polygamy law, enacted 127 years ago. s Supreme Court ruled in a reference case that the inherent harms of polygamy justified putting limits on religious freedoms, clearing the way for charges to be filed against Blackmore and Oler three years later. ? she said.
Salman Khan called paramedics. Anupam shared a blind item which read that an actor who was in New York for an awards show had a ? Anupam tweeted this, and posted, ? ? Anupam tweeted.
t everybody nepotistic? Isn? Coming from a family, who has been into showbiz for the longest time, it came as a surprise that the actor accepted the prevalence of nepotism in the industry. he says. Why are we looking down on television when it is the highest penetrating medium? ?
1/ 3? son were vandalised. Rajnath Singh ( @ rajnathsingh) July 30, 2017I have expressed my concern with the law and order situation in the state of Kerala. ? s state office in the city and the house of CPI( M) state secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan? said Rajasekharan.
2. Game on. respond Ferrari. 53 Hamilton + 1. says Vettel. 49pm BST 13: 49  Lap 31/ 70 Despite the issue with his steering wheel, Vettel seems comfortable enough to continue leading the way, though Raikkonen has closed that gap down from nearly two seconds. 06pm BST 14: 06  Lap 43/ 70 Max Verstappen comes in, serves his 10- second penalty, puts on some fresh shoes and shuffles back out in fifth position behind the Ferraris and Mercedes. Updated at 2. 34pm BST 14: 34  Lap 64/ 70 ? 05pm BST   1. I? Raikkonen wants to be let through to have a go at winning this race, but Vettel is their only championship hope and they don? ? Lewis will let you go by if he cannot get past Raikkonen. " s opening lap: ? s a long run at Hungary down to the first corner, which should help negate a pile- up on the opening lap but also offers plenty of opportunity to overtake, something which becomes an awful lot harder once into the meat of the race. I didn? 1. t know who? . s it.
READ? Earlier, Sumit Sangwan ( 91kg) had claimed a bronze after going down in the semifinals. | ? s Asia Cup Division B, rise to Division AManish, on the other hand, lost to Germany? India pip Kazakhstan to win FIBA Women?
New Delhi, Jul 30 ( PTI) In a major crackdown, three African women and a man have been arrested by the NCB in the national capital for allegedly trying to smuggle out narcotic drugs worth Rs 70 lakh in the international market, an official said today. The three women have been identified as Zambian Doris Mwansa ( 46) , South Africans Mandaba Violet Xaba ( 31) and Patricia S Ncube ( 46) while the Nigerian man is Johnson, the officer said.
30pm on Friday. After Friday? said Kank, adding they had images of the animal after setting up 15 camera traps and studying its rosette pattern. s Aarey Colony? ? said Inamdar. said Santosh Kank, range forest officer, Mumbai forest range.
Taliban jurisprudence. prejudices? The Portuguese court? Judges in Portugal were guilty of sexual discrimination in a medical compensation case when they decided that the importance of sex diminished with the age of a woman, Europe? , regardless of their age or whether they had had children or not. s sexuality? ?
30pm on Friday. Police responded quickly, entered into negotiations with the gentleman and shortly thereafter he set himself on fire. I? NSW police could not confirm whether the man had been inside the Department of Immigration building before he set himself alight. ? s health.
s post. Mujhe laga tu toh ab Delhi mein rehti hai aur kaam nahi karti. I? I live in mubai and working am a good actor looking fr good parts to play A post shared by Neena Gupta ( @ neena_ gupta) on Jul 27, 2017 at 10: 11pm PDT The 62- year- old, on Friday, posted on Instagram ( and Twitter) , that ? ? I am fit, I look good and I can still act, so why not! time and again we have spoken about how whatever she asks for . . s not a correct attitude in this profession and it gets mistaken for arrogance too. . ' Prove yourself. she quips.
? Newcastle United owner and Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has won a high court battle over a £ 15m deal allegedly made in a London pub, calling time on a case that will be long remembered for days of evidence concerning excessive alcohol consumption. , ruled that no one would have thought what Ashley said in the pub was ? s shares hit the £ 8 price target in February 2014. serious? Sports Direct? . ! serious businessman? £ 1m- odd?
Bharat Sanchar Nigam ( BSNL) had a book value of Rs 975 crore for the 15, 000- odd land and building assets it holds, Chairman and Managing Director Anupam Shrivastava said. This valuation was arrived at decades back, and in order to reflect a true picture the company got a reassessment done using the fair value method. freehold land. . New Delhi, Jul 30 ( PTI) BSNLs one- third of prime land holdings alone is estimated to be now worth Rs 65, 000 crore, way higher than the book value of Rs 975 crore for its entire land assets recorded decades ago, a senior company official said.
He comes out on the top of this category, beating Jamie Foxx, David Beckham, Idris Elba and Ryan Gosling. com. ( AFP)  						For a perfect chin, the study says the width of the chin at the mid point where it goes in the most should be 1. 7 per cent of the perfect ratio. s chin is 99.
Thanks to the professional intervention of the authorities all 22, 000 visitors were evacuated safely and without reports of injuries, ? ? they said.
. Salute to armd force personal dat how dey save us @ any costIt also assumes added significance as the Valley has been reeling under enormous unrest and bellicose sentiments for over an year now, with curfews being imposed regularly. ? jai hind brothers ? # BrothersInArmspic.
absolutely useless? I think they knew I was vulnerable as I started as a graduate, ? Capita, one of the UK? the trainee said. fill HR gaps? All participants in the training are made fully aware, at numerous times prior to commencing the training, that it is provided free of charge to only those people who successfully complete the course and are engaged by Capita or a Capita client. ?
Needless to say, Rana became a pan- Indian star post Baahubali 2. Rana, who awaits the release of his political thriller Nene Raju Nene Mantri, has signed his first international project with The London Digital Movie & TV Studios ( LDM) . ! Rana Daggubati is teaming up with Kajal Aggarwal for the first time in Nene Raju Nene Mantri.
, says Emraan. Ajay Devgn played the role of Sultan Mirza, while Emraan Hashmi was his nemesis ShoaibEmraan played the role of the rebellious Shoaib based on a real- life underworld don. It was a ten minute narration, and the story focused on the vulnerabilities of the two characters Sultan and Shoaib. ? , he says. Emraan adds.
I am so busy with it that I will not be able to devote time to anything else. . | ? ? s star Harmanpreet Kaur ( 51) and Veda Krishnamurthy ( 35) helped India come within touching distance of the target, the Mithali Raj- led side lost wickets in a hurry and inexplicably lost by nine runs. READ? Indian women?
Caeleb Dressel knows the comparisons are coming. ! I can really take what I? 60 seconds ? s Sarah Sjostrom was another standout, bouncing back from a disappointing loss the previous night to win gold in the 50 fly and set a world record in the semifinals of 50 free. Dressel said. I don? ? If that was my bad year for the next four years, then the next couple years are going to be pretty exciting. yep, he? s a tough question, ? she said.
Why does this matter to you? 25ha by September? said Stalin D, director, NGO Vanashakti. Stalin said even during the wetland grievance redressal committee meetings ( formed by the state as per HC directions) , corporations and revenue departments refused to restore degraded wetlands citing poor funds and lack of places to dump debris from wetlands. Stalin said. ? Konkan commissioner Jagdish Patil told HT, ?
Virat Kohli? | ? He made a decent debut in the first Test in Galle, scoring a half- century and chipping in with a wicket. READ? At home, it has been different but when you play away, one guy gives you a lot of balance. skillsThat' s it. ?
Khan said. t play any bilateral series with us since their government is not giving clearance to them, ? Giles Clarke who is organizing the tour as head of the ICC special task force on Pakistan cricket has some reservations over the delay in the PCB giving them clearance for the tour, ? he added. ? he said. READ | ?
of the country. s performance. READ | Women? s World Cup star Deepti Sharma wants to master carrom ball like R AshwinDuring the interaction, the players said that this was the first time that they had seen a Prime Minister tweet for the women? Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday hosted the Indian women? daughters? .
they say. But Martin Llewelyn, a professor in infectious diseases at Brighton and Sussex medical school, and colleagues claim that this is not the case. Telling patients to stop taking antibiotics when they feel better may be preferable to instructing them to finish the course, according to a group of experts who argue that the rule long embedded in the minds of doctors and the public is wrong and should be overturned. she said. for example, TB. ? Don? feel better? s chief medical officer, Prof Dame Sally Davies, said: ?
Jammu, Jul 29 ( PTI) Union minister Jitendra Singh today said the tricolour is " sacrosanct" and termed as " shocking and ridiculous" Chief Minister Mehbooba Muftis remarks that no one in Jammu and Kashmir would be there to hold the flag if their special rights are tinkered with. I have no doubt in saying that there will be no one to hold it ( national flag) ( if it is tinkered) . " .
t mean progression. s domain. rishton ka Chakravuy promotions ? For me, along with it, TV also throws light on women wearing saris and salwar kameez, managing personal and professional lives, and doing everything that is otherwise is considered a man? ? I am proud of my culture and I believe we all should be, ?
The Telangana Prohibition and Excise Department had seized 700 dots of LSD worth Rs 20 lakh and 35gm of MDMA - - commonly known as Ecstasy - - worth Rs 1. I don? t have a mind of their own are doing drugs, it scares me, ? That? ? Rana asked.
But I don? # natural # photography # portraitseries A post shared by Krishna Shroff ( @ kishushroff) on Aug 20, 2015 at 6: 22am PDT Stating that his father rarely gives him feedback on his performance, Tiger adds, ? t take a stand because I don? says Tiger. over- protective? With @ kishushroff ? d always be there to support and guide me, because she could see how it looked on the monitor screen. ? m the kind of guy who just wants to wrap his sister in a blanket, because I am an over- protective brother, ?
right man? # familyiseverthing # love # happiness # familytime # brunching ? ? t work, you go your own way. s kind of understood that I need to find my own way, so she doesn? She? I won? she says. Actor Shamita Shetty is 38 and clearly is in no rush to get married.
I am hoping that the perspective would change. s The Complete Man campaign, says that there is a clear demarcation between Bollywood and television actors when leading brands look for a face to market their product. We? ? He says, ? Commenting on this, actor Arjun Bijlani ( Left Right Left; Naagin) told us in a recent interview, ? he says. s The Complete Man campaign, says that there is a clear demarcation between Bollywood and television actors when leading brands look for a face to market their product. s aspirational value.
About 2 lakh applications pending in process, " Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia tweeted. The figure of new registrations approved in GST crosses 10 lakhs today. Businesses have time till July 30 to register under the GST.
If there is a discrepancy in the birth certificates and they feel a child marriage is what is being planned, the association has also taken the responsibility of informing the nearest police station. " 7 million, are minor girls. " But when has the law ever deterred criminals from committing crimes, anyway? Watch: 3 arrested in Chittorgarh child marriage
Accompanied by BJP leader Shaina NC, Nath met Fadnavis on Friday. Nath complained that in February this year, the owner of the plot had approached the BMC to cut the tree. READ: ? Kanchan, a former television news reader with Doordarshan, was on her way home from her yoga classes last Thursday when the tree fell on her, injuring her neck, at Kurla Road near Swastik Park at Chembur East. Experts have blamed the haphazard way in which authorities pruned trees and the concretisation around the roots, which make the trees weak, as the main causes of these falls.
A day after former international powerlifter Anil Sharma was attacked by a group of men, Delhi Police arrested the main accused and have also identified his other accomplices. He admitted he was unaware about the intensity of the injuries, police said quoting his confessional statement. According to police, after Sharma along with his two friends returned from a hotel, they went to Paharganj area near Ashu' s residence where Ashu reached with his friends. When Ashu met him, an argument took place that soon became heated followed by a scuffle.
permanent residents? On one hand, we talk about resolving the Kashmir issue under the framework of the Constitution and on the other we flog it, ? I have no doubt in saying that there will be no one to hold national flag if it is tinkered with, ? ? the CM said.
systemic failure of internal control? ? We examined records pertaining to the period 2010- 15 and found that in 49 cases, IAF officers availed of LTC while visiting a foreign country, ? the report said. In its reply to the audit findings, the defence ministry said in January 2017 that an internal inquiry into the matter found there was ambiguity in the interpretation of the rules ?
Yadav? DNA of democracy? s barb came soon after Kumar led the so- called grand alliance to victory over the BJP in the Bihar assembly polls. ? Though Modi later said he was referring to ? .
The incident took place at around 3. 30 pm. Mumbai, Jul 27 ( PTI) Two persons died and another was injured after being hit by a car on a flyover on Western Express Highway in the city today, police said.
DCI Tony Fitzpatrick of British Transport Police said: ? I? The victim had sought help after the first rape at Witton station when she was attacked by a man in a car. There have been significant developments after we released CCTV images of two men we would like to speak with. ?
Outside Tesla? ? Musk told journalists. Now loss- making Tesla is trying to move into a different league, building vehicles in high volume for customers able to pay only a few thousand dollars more than the average price of a conventional car or truck sold in the US. We? Were Tesla to produce, and sell 500, 000 cars per year, the company would likely outsell the BMW, Mercedes, or Lexus brands in the United States.
Afzaan said. ? Afzaan Imam and her daughter Aamna ( 15) said soon after consuming the vegetable on Thursday night, they felt queasy and started vomiting. A snake? an attending doctor said.
30 seconds. The sprinter successfully had a ban overturned in the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS) in 2015, which led to the suspension of the world body? Chand? ? s 11. s coach N Ramesh said he wasn?
sent to Pakistan? Pakistan bhejenge tum mussalay ko aaj. He started yelling and arguing with constables Shoeb and PC Bisht who were on duty after he was asked to remove the earphones, which is a normal security drill in the Delhi Metro. ? defied? .
KCNA warned. s official news agency, KCNA, said in a statement. blatant violation? s ? Jeffrey Lewis, a North Korea specialist at the Middlebury institute of international studies, said he believed a military strike against North Korea had become unthinkable in the light of the ICBM tests, which showed Pyongyang could hit targets on US soil by launching missiles from unexpected locations and at unexpected times. tremendous might? belligerent? . I suspect that the Chinese are going to be worried about the possibility of a US military strike on North Korea going forward ? ? Lewis added.
5pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan arrive for the oath- taking ceremony of Bihar Cabinet ministers at Raj BhawanKumar was sworn in on Thursday, a day after he dumped the Grand Alliance and joined hands with the BJP- led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA) . 6: 15pm: JD( U) ? s cabinet. s Vinod Kumar Singh & Krishna Kumar Rishi and JD( U) ? 5: 20pm: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar gets new cabinet, 27 members of JD( U) and BJP take oath as ministers. BJP? gets 13 ministers, JD( U) gets 14.
credit society? astonished? the official Xinhua news agency quoted a policeman as saying. ? Anyone who telephones an individual on the blacklist will first be forced to listen to a pre- recorded message saying ?
He? ? s very particular about using film and everything being real in front of the camera, so there were a lot of old techniques used in this film to make it look real. Christopher Nolan filming Dunkirk. Ellen Page, Michael Caine and Leonardo DiCaprio with Nolan on the sets of Inception.
their Daddy. Fans stick posters as they gather at Revolucion monument to pay tribute to Chester Bennington, Linkin Park frontman, following the singer' s death by suicide, in Mexico City, Mexico, July 23. ? The only answer I know is to raise our babies with every ounce of love I have left. Talinda Bennington added. s) memory alive. s voice.
I don? Mehta said most of the trade channels are returning to normalcy, barring a few wholesale traders in the central part of the country. ? he said. he added.
classist? The debate started in Bollywood when Kangana Ranaut branded Karan as a ? Nepotism rocks? ? I feel this is a huge debate in India because it applies to every field and not just Bollywood, ? she added.
Carl Frampton? s promoter, told the BBC: ? We? The 30- year- old Frampton, once a world champion at featherweight and super- bantamweight, had been priming himself to fight in his home city for what might have been the final time. finish line? ?
he told AFP. The Hindustan? ? This handout picture shows a piece of a leg, which could belong to a victim of one of two Air India crashes which occurred in 1950 and 1966, on the Mont Blanc massif, French Alps. These remains are probably not from the same person, ?
decoy operations? mukhbirs? ? The first installment of Rs 30, 000 will be given when she conducts a sex determination test and shares the information, which will be verified by officials. The officials said the scheme was launched under the Pre- Conception Pre- Natal Diagnostic Technique ( PCPNDT) Act. Gupta added.
in neighbouring Kerala? Judge Uncle? Pillai? P Gopalakrishnan, the president of the Travancore Dewasom Board that administers the famous hill shrine at Sabarimala was also here last November when a petition challenging its age- old tradition of not allowing women into the temple was being heard at the Supreme Court. s innocence. s commitment to justice moved many and the people later built a temple to ? ?
Khan? s house. Basantpur police station SHO Dharmendra Kushwaha told HT over phone that a country- made carbine and five live bombs were recovered near the house of the victim. Welcoming Kumar to the NDA fold, Union minister Ram Vilas Paswan earlier urged the chief minister to make law and order, among others, top of his agenda for governance.
Before getting the final tender, MeritTrac officials had come to Mumbai for some training to teachers about their online paper assessment system. " MeritTrac Services is the firm which made this online paper assessment system. The evaluation of answer sheets has got delayed because of a faulty online paper checking system which Mumbai University hired this year. A few days ago, Yuva Sena Chief Aditya Thackeray had raised this issue with Governor Vidyadagar Rao and demanded action against Maharashtra Education Minister Vinod Tawde and Mumbai University Vice- Chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh for this delay in declaration of Mumbai University results.
In a jibe aimed at the Sena which has been ruling the Mumbai civic body for over two decades now, Rane said, " Cities like Singapore, Shanghai and Kuala Lumpur rose to fame as the world class cities only in the last 25 to 30 years. But Mumbai, which came into existence 152 years ago, has not been able to progress into a world class city" . The surplus funds lying with the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA) and the Rs 60, 000 crore of the BMC that are lying in Fixed Deposits with the banks should be used to make Mumbai a world class city, " Rane said. he asked.
New Delhi, Jul 28 ( PTI) A Russia- bound man was today apprehended at the Delhi airport for allegedly carrying Euro 50, 000 in an unauthorised manner, a senior official said.
said Goel. ? Goel said. Kishor is named in seven cases while Bir Sen had three cases registered against him in Ghaziabad, the police said. One of the accused is still absconding and we will take the three accused on remand soon, ? s schedule?
Since Wednesday, municipal corporation officials have sealed properties at Mehrauli- Gurgaon Road ( MG Road) , sectors 37, 4, 7 and Palam Vihar. ? While most tax defaulters cleared their dues and reclaimed their properties, the remaining who did not do so face the prospect of their properties being auctioned from August under Section 130 ( manner of recovering tax or fee) of the Haryana Municipal Act, 1994, ? said SS Rohilla, spokesperson, MCG.
? Hollywood A- lister George Clooney is fuming mad at Voici for publishing images of his twins and will sue the French entertainment magazine. Paparazzi photos of the babies on the cover of the latest Voici issue show one with each parent apparently at their home in Italy. Durante la semana pasada los fotógrafos de la revista Voici escalaron nuestra valla, subieron nuestro árbol e ilegalmente tomaron fotos de nuestros niños dentro de nuestra casa" , " Que no se equivoquen los fotógrafos, vamos a adoptar medidas legales, porque la seguridad de nuestros hijos lo permite" , comentó el actor.
monte cross. We took the case to court and till now, the BMC has not produced the affidavit in court. said Gonsalves. Rita D? ? sa.
An order was issued on Friday by Sanjay Jadhav, who is the deputy commissioner ( traffic) , western suburbs. According to the order, the route from Marol Naka to Lok Bharti junction will be one- way while there will be no entry to the Marol- Maroshi Road from Lok Bharti junction towards Marol naka. 280 and 281. The 33.
? Patil said. While issuing new permits, the state government had inserted a condition that the owners had to install GPS in taxis and autorickshaws whenever it asked them to do so. t apply for multiple permitsMaharashtra government announces mobile app for booking taxis and autos
RJ Malishka? Sonu song? s ? , which has gone viral, features workers of the organisation questioning ? ? Mannu?
added Kapur. radioactive? said Kapur. Coming on the heels of the controversy about Indu Sarkar, a top official of the Film and Television Producers Guild of India says such topics have become ? ? . s unfortunately the environment that we are in at this point of time that most filmmakers are self- censoring when it comes to subjects that they pick to make a movie about because they are concerned about how it will finally be received when it goes to the CBFC for clearance. I think it? he said.
The university didn? These details were available locally only at colleges and centralised assessment process ( CAP) centre. ? he said. The firm said they had requested a consolidated list of all evaluators in a particular format, but the university has not given it yet. said Nagendran.
Their instructions are vital to innovative initiatives and this is where strong partnerships between the government and non- governmental sector can trigger the necessary political will. What I am going to do is to spell out the Indian tiger? Managing tigers is a state subject and the NTCA must be in the role of facilitator and not policeman. Partner with local communities. wishlist. s tigers and wildlife And who says it is not possible? He has also written 30 books on India?
. Durga Vahini? Friday alleged that arms training is being provided to Bajrang Dal and VHP volunteers in Assam to terrorise it and demanded action against those ? ? he said.
The Gautam Budh Nagar district administration and the police on Friday lodged an FIR against 20 farmers for blocking the passage of Haldia Express train on the Delhi- Howrah railway line that passes through Greater Noida. said BN Singh, district magistrate, Gautam Budh Nagar. The UP government has paid Rs 17, 000 per sqm as compensation in nearby Ghaziabad villages. And now they are putting pressure on us to snatch our land. ? ( Please check with Charmaine Edwards for details) ? the DM claimed.
Kyun ? Dalits? Rahul said, addressing party workers. ? Tribals and Dalits are often at the receiving end of the counter- Maoist operations in the region, alienating them from the Raman Singh- led BJP government. party of lies?
baseless? s scrutiny. said Marlena. The complaint to the police for registration of FIR says that the accused touched the dupatta of the complainant and had a scuffle with her. ? wrong sections?
s other international airport, Ataturk. Britain has eased a ban on laptops and tablets in airline cabins, lifting the prohibition on some flights from Turkey. Britain? ?
They are charged lakhs. Tawde said the government will not allow students to appear for class 12 examinations who have taken admission for integrated coaching and remain absent at their respective colleges. " ? he added. said the education minister.
t formally launched it. ? Complaints are supposed to be addressed within 24 to 36 hoursThe app displays the status of the complaint along with the details of the complainant. he added. in. gov.
s confidants and bon vivants ? ? ve seen some of the footage, and I look forward to sharing the man behind the MAGA. s ? . The Late Show host, Stephen Colbert, a fierce critic of Donald Trump, has sold a new animated series to Showtime that will feature the cartoon commander- in- chief who frequently appeared on his show during last year? Russia Week?
against their religion? While BJP legislator Raj Purohit demanded that students in schools and colleges made to compulsorily sing the national song, Waris Pathan of the All India Majlis- e- Ittehadul Muslimeen ( AIMIM) and Abu Asim Azmi of Samajwadi Party ( SP) said such a move was ? It is against the teaching of our religion and no Muslim will sing it, ? ? he told mediapersons.
The outstanding amount of the farmers who got their loans restructured in 2014- 15 and 2015- 16 is Rs3, 500 crore and Rs5, 200 crore, ? To avoid a repeat, we have asked farmers to fill up forms, ? ? He also ridiculed the Congress and the NCP for their claim that the loan waiver was the result of their Sangharsh Yatra in April and May. In a reply to both the houses of the state legislature, Fadnavis said that the government would ensure that the package was not misused by ineligible people. he said.
No proposal for scrapping the Sahayak system, presently in place in the Army, is under consideration in the Ministry at present, " he said, in a brief written reply. To a separate question, Bhamre said complaints by serving soldiers are dealt with by authorities concerned according to existing rules and policies. He said a study conducted by the Defence Institute of Psychological Research concluded that the major causes of suicides in the Army are domestic problems, marital discord, stress and financial problems.
New Delhi, Jul 27 ( PTI) North Delhi Mayor Preety Agarwal today directed the municipal commissioner for facilitating councillors with funds to undertake development works in their respective wards. She directed that each councillor be provided with Rs 25 lakh for development work in his/ her respective wards, " an official of the civic body said.
sparked immediate reaction. s top office. Brazeau ? tweeted one. Canada, your leader went to US media today saying that when he needed a villain to fit his narrative, an indigenous person was a good fit, ? ? But his account of the episode is now raising eyebrows, after he offered a glimpse into his decision to take on indigenous politician Patrick Brazeau. This yearning for an anti- Trump to call their own means the US media are glossing over or ignoring the troubling similarities between both leaders, not the least of which is an obsession with celebrity that is ultimately counterproductive to governance, ? Algonquin artist Jay Odjick pointed to Trudeau? Polls suggest Trudeau?
Trump tweeted: ? . t think of a better person than John Kelly to succeed me and I wish him God? It has been one of the greatest honours of my life to serve this president and our country. ? he said, adding: ? The departure of Priebus came as little surprise after he was the subject of a furious, foul- mouthed attack by new communications director Anthony Scaramucci, who claimed he would be asked to quit imminently. s or Trump? I? equal partners? s decision to drop out, Priebus declared Trump the presumptive nominee, though Ohio governor John Kasich was still in the race, and then used the full muscle of the RNC to quash efforts to deny Trump the Republican nomination at the party convention in Cleveland. Incredible man.
They will stay at Eagleton resort. ' The policy of the BJP in Gujarat is - by hook or by crook, come to power by breaking all laws, " Singhvi said. You have seen this naked drama. . Also read: All eyes on Vaghela as BJP seeks to checkmate Ahmed Patel in Gujarat Rajya Sabha polls 2 more Gujarat Congress MLAs join BJP, 3 had done yesterdayHow Shankersinh Vaghela' s expulsion spells doom for Congress ahead of Gujarat Assembly pollsGujarat RS polls: Ahmed Patel files nominationWho is Shankersinh Vaghela?
Dell, as part of its annual Women Entrepreneur ( WE) Cities Index, ranks cities in terms of its ability to attract and foster growth of women- owned firms. The only other Indian city in the top 50 tally is Delhi, that at the 49th spot, just ahead of Jakarta. New York ranked numero uno in the list, followed by Bay Area, London, Boston and Stockholm.
self introspection? Congress members had earlier repeatedly trooped into the Well raising anti- government slogans and charging the BJP with ? As there was no let- up in the opposition protests, the House was again adjourned till 1430 hours, with Chairman Ansari saying the deputy chairman has said that matters relating to elections are dealt by the concerned agencies. 30 PM. As there was no let- up in the opposition protests, the House was again adjourned till 1430 hours, with Chairman Ansari saying the deputy chairman has said that matters relating to elections are dealt by the concerned agencies. . In a bid to run the House, Deputy Chairman P J Kurien asked the Congress members whether they wanted to apologise for ? ? shame- shame? You are not taking care of your own house and are accusing us. MLAs released. business and if the members do not cooperate, I will be forced to adjourn.
A person can go to any limits for his own benefit, " Rahul Gandhi said. At the meeting, Nitish Kumar was believed to have conveyed to Rahul Gandhi that under present circumstances Tejashwi Yadav could not continue in his Cabinet. SOMETHING SIMILAR HAPPENED IN GOA TOOThis, however, is not the first time when Rahul Gandhi and the Congress leadership were found to be on the back foot despite having prior knowledge about the situation threatening to go out of their hands. Hitting out at Nitish Kumar for joining hands with the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) in Bihar, Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi said that he knew that such a plan was in the making for the last three- four months. " We waited from 11 am to 5 pm not knowing anything about what is happening but BJP swiftly acted, " said Congress MLA Jennifer Monserrate.
Noida International Airport? said Arun Vir Singh, chief executive officer, YEIDA. The third option is that the YEIDA and the Airports Authority of India sign a memorandum of understanding to raise Rs200 crore, and raise the remaining Rs1, 800 crore through loans, ? ? said Singh. Singh said.
You? I think I did feel low, but at the same time, I did have people who believed in me a lot. However, it wasn? ? t an easy start for her, considering she had to face some bizarre criticism in the aspiring actor phase. s Raabta.
In an extreme form of street crime, three men chased a 20- year- old youth for several hundred metres before beating him to death on the main platform of the busy Adarsh Nagar railway station in north Delhi. ? said an investigator quoting the killers. The three could have easily gotten away after the murder but for a head constable who decided to take on the killers and nab them. They thrashed him. s death.
Pakistan Zindabad? ISI Zinadabad? , ? s cyber cell. Rakesh Sharma, a police personnel at Gautam Budh Nagar? Cyber attack and posting of hate messages is not so common in the district.
Read: Maharashtra farm loan waiver will help BJP but leave state finances in tattersThe government has urged legislators to help farmers in their constituencies to fill the forms online, through mobile app or offline so the process is completed at the earliest. ? Besides, we have 26, 000 service centres at village levels where farmers can fill the forms. said chief minister Devendra Fadnavis.
said Devi. When Devi told them the stock was over, the youths reportedly barged inside the shop, insisting that they saw it in the fridge and she cannot refuse to sell it. ? she said. DCP southeast, Romil Baaniya said, ? s mouth.
Aslam Shaikh and Shiv Sena? Colaba? s BJP MLA Raj Purohit said it was unfair for students living in south Mumbai, which has the most colleges, as they are forced to travel to suburban colleges because of their marks. he said. About 2. ?
Donald Trump? s account. ll all be fired by me. Scaramucci told the New Yorker he had called the FBI and justice department and, describing himself in the third person ? I? t help themselves. I will refrain in this arena but not give up the passionate fight for Donald Trump? What I want to do is I want to fucking kill all the leakers and I want to get the president? he continued: ? . ? This is a White House that has a lot of different perspectives, because the president hires the very best people, ? he said. At Thursday?
org" , " @ type" : " Review" , " author" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Rohan Naahar" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. s visually dazzling passion project can? plays Valerian. hindustantimes. t help. From its opening couple of scenes, when David Bowie plays over lavish shots of space, it is quite clear that Besson is attempting to recreate the success of his calling card movie, The Fifth Element, and the two Guardians of the Galaxy films. But let? s pole, while a bejewelled cowboy played by Ethan Hawke cackles in the background. He hasn?
dirty tricks? He later presented the airline? He retains a 20% interest, leaving the US giant Delta as the largest shareholder in Virgin Atlantic with 49% . s great rival, British Airways. In a letter to staff on Thursday, Branson said it was an exciting day for the airline, and said he would still remain as the largest individual shareholder, adding that his new partners all agreed the brand should survive. . ?
I don? He also added that if fans are coming to the celebs for an autograph or selfie, they should always oblige. ? he said.
The actor opened up about his relationship on Neha Dhupia' s podcast, # NoFilterNeha, and said that he has found the one. He talked about how being a public figure, speculation about his relationship has always made headlines. Varun said, " I have never hidden it from anyone that I have been in a relationship.
# MULK A space I grew up in but never visited as a film maker. From a Superhero to Vulnerable Human Beings in a small town in my country. ? Follow @ htshowbiz for more
? s money, he added. Former junior HRD minister Shashi Tharoor of the Congress praised the steps, but cautioned that handing the IIM boards full control to decide fees could lead to marginalization of poor students. . And it has provisions for appointing members in each of the IIM? So the question of changing names does not arise, ? petty?
s World Cup final at Lord? But if someone? Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar became the latest celebrity to be at the receiving end of the internet trolls after he shared a picture holding the tricolour upside down while cheering for the Indian women? While I was trying to steady it, someone clicked a photo from behind and even I did not notice it. Toilet Ek Prem Katha also stars Bhumi Pednekar and Anupam Kher in pivotal roles.
Very inspiring. ! Ajaz Khan ( @ AjazkhanActor) July 27, 2017Some even reminded the actor and his fans of his look from his first film, Meri Jung. ? twitter. s Monsoon Wedding.
, " inLanguage" : " en" , " itemReviewed" : { " @ type" : " Movie" , " name" : " Raag Desh" , " image" : " http: / / www. In fact, it? hindustantimes. Kunal Kapoor? s a film with heavy patriotic fervour, nobody would have minded that, but he sticks to the facts and narrates the story of all the major characters from a neutral perspective. Bhula Bhai Desai ( Kenneth Desai) , a lawyer on the verge of retirement, helps Dhulia in getting the perfect narrative tone for the film. After all, it? s going to happen, but your eyes still get moist when it happens. It becomes a party to the discussion only when it realises that deciding war crimes is very subjective in nature.
TV umpire caught in hot- spotThe knock was also important for Kohli because he was one of the two top- order batsmen to miss out in the first innings. s lead to 446. READ | Was Virat Kohli really out on Day 1 vs Sri Lanka? First, it? t materialise.
big way? s, lawyers said. . s life. A bench headed by Chief Justice JS Khehar asked the central government to consider setting up a permanent medical board in every state to quickly decide on pleas from pregnant women asking for terminations beyond the permissible 20- week period. The girl was allegedly raped over seven months.
This collection really depicts that, " Dia said while praising Anju. " I felt exquisite wearing this beautifully handcrafted outfit. " All of my life, I remember looking up to my mother' s starry eyes- - my mother has an amazing personality. That' s what completes your garment. Vaishnavi' s art finds great resonance in Anju' s collection, which shone bright, thanks to Vishal Jewels' uncut diamonds, polkies and rubies that were flaunted by the models, who moved to the sound of flute, sarangi and the voice of a classical singer.
Enjoy life. Akshu. Love you, even if you have. No, still an atheist. When reports started doing the rounds that his younger daughter, Akshara, had changed her religion, the actor took to Twitter to tell her that he supported whatever decision she took and would continue to love her, no matter what. Hi bapuji.
LONGSTANDING DEMANDThe police force has had a longstanding demand to strengthen the number of sniffer and explosive- detection dogs, to up to 150, in its squad. " The four- legged recruits will help the department deal with security challenges in the Capital that frequently receives threats from terrorist groups and has a large VVIP population. DELHI POLICE DEMANDED 100 TRAINED DOGS' Elaborating about the dog squad, Bhagat told MAIL TODAY that the department has 60 dogs in two centres apart from three to four dogs in each districts. Since all 60 dogs are not fit for the job round the clock, Delhi Police want an adequate number of canines in the squad so that security personnel do not come across a shortage. " Delhi Police recently demanded 100 trained dogs from IAVC.
The former television actor reposted the picture, in which she is seen with her husband and smiling, on Thursday on her Instagram account. # tbt Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love ? # Repost @ iamzfi ( @ get_ repost) ? kal hi ki to baat thi. . A post shared by Smriti Irani ( @ smritiiraniofficial) on Jul 11, 2017 at 10: 04am PDT And, here are some of the adorable comments by the users on the social media platform. Then & Now my babies ? ?
s arrest. s relationship with Sheena. Read: I helped kill Sheena Bora, confesses Indrani? Rai has in his confession statement given before the magistrate court has stated detailed account of how they first picked up Sheena and took her to a remote place in Bandra where the three of them strangulated her. He said Indrani had spoken to him on Skype and revealed her plans to eliminate her two children ? ? Indrani madam mujhe boli hotel Taj Lands le lo aur mujhe boli thi 3 BHK flat Sheena ko mil gaya. he has said in the confession.
Her crime? A post shared by Callie Thorpe ( @ calliethorpe) on Jul 18, 2017 at 4: 53am PDTThe picture was featured on iconic fashion magazine Vogue? trolling? She continues to remain proud of herself, and is determined to keep doing what she loves. ? I couldn?
Indian Penal Code? disgruntled women? exponentially high 93. 6% ? In cases where a settlement is reached, it will be open to a district and sessions judge or any other senior judicial officer nominated by him in the district to complete the proceedings including the closing of the criminal case if dispute primarily relates to matrimonial discord. . the bench said.
org" , " @ type" : " Review" , " author" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Rohit Vats" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. hindustantimes. and ? Arjun Kapoor takes a cue from Akshay Kumar in Welcome and jumps into this mad- caper wholeheartedly. s most likeable comedies also deal with an army of actors and a confusing thread in the climax, but he doesn? However, over the years, it has become one of the most watched films on TV. Ye mooli, maamooli nahi hai. ? t mind dialogues like, ? Well, I did.
Last week, the CAG had slammed the Ordnance Factory Board ( OFB) for critical deficiency in availability of ammunition to the Army. Regarding CAG reports, Jaitley said that as per procedure, after tabling in Parliament, they go to the Public Accounts Committee ( PAC) and if the latter makes some recommendations, then action would be taken. ? the minister said. he added. PTI RAM ARC
Katrina Saleen, Uzzaman? m busy, don? Uzzaman? The blogpost, which said Uzzaman pressured the author to go to his hotel room after a business meeting, was written by Brandon Katayama Hill, founder and CEO of a San Francisco branding and marketing agency called Btrax that competes with Fenox, according to the suit. A lot of people from Japan, including students, and many very cute girls come to him, and he takes advantage of them, ? s damaging, ? dark skin? ? said Saleen.
s paired opposite superstar Rajinikanth. It began with the Akshay Kumar- starrer Jolly LLB 2, which did well at the box- office. It was so much fun, as I could completely show it off to my friends that I have my own car now and not my dad? ? ! s car.
she added. VIP 2 also marks the return of Kajol, 42, to Tamil screen after 20 years. ? . I had not studied so much even for my tenth ICSE exams, and after that I decided no more other- language films that I don? Kajol and Soundarya have shared a photograph with the first lady of Malaysia, Datin Paduka Seri Rosmah Mansor, on their Instagram and Twitter pages.
New Delhi, Jul 27 ( PTI) A 37- year- old man has been arrested by the customs for allegedly trying to smuggle into the country gold valuing about Rs 57 lakh at Indira Gandhi International Airport ( IGIA) here.
Word of the day! Some were all praises for his linguistic skills, others thought the word was intended as a jibe at Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar. ? Amit Ghosh ( @ amitghoshspeaks) July 27, 2017Twitter users first got a taste of Tharoor? Kumar? New Hinglish 21st century dictionary: * Webaqoof* : " one who believes every claim or allegation on the internet & social media must be true" ? s death.
In March 2015, San Francisco 49ers linebacker Chris Borland retired after one season, a promising rookie campaign that saw him lead the team in tackles, due to concerns over the long- term effects of head trauma. He earned his bachelor? Urschel? ? But I enjoy carving out my own path and not listening to what people say I can and I can? I don? t do.
They attacked him with bricks and rods. One of them threw a brick towards us. Former international athlete Anil Sharma, 43, who has won several medals for the country, is battling for his life in a city hospital after a group of seven to eight men thrashed him with bricks and rods in Central Delhi' s Paharganj area on Friday evening. His nose and one eye also got damaged, " said Pooja, Sharma' s wife. He is currently admitted in the ICU at BL Kapoor hospital and is in critical condition. " He has three children, including two daughters.
Read: Bomb alert! explosives? We don? The CISF is also planning to use handheld ETD to check passengers with artificial limb so that they do not have to go through the trauma of removing it during security check. said an official of the Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) . ?
sewa? . I am young. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar comfortably won a trust vote in the assembly on Friday, securing the support of 131 legislators including those of his new ally BJP, but insisted that his change of sides was for ? he said. If it was about corruption, the JD( U) should not have allied with my father, who was facing cases; yet it happened, ? s attitude, ? ?
On Thursday, Balwantsinh Rajput, MLA from Siddhpur and Chief Whip of the Congress, Tejashree Patel from Viramgam, and Vijapur legislator PI Patel had submitted their resignations to the Speaker and later went to the BJP headquarters, Kamalam, to join the party. Balwantsinh Rajput' s daughter is married to Vaghela' s son Mahendrasinh, also an MLA. I have worked for the party for 25 long years, " Tejashree Patel, a firebrand woman leader and one of the most active legislators of the Congress in the state Assembly, bemoaned.  " Balwantsinh Rajput echoed Tejashree Patel and said, " Modi is Vikas Purush. " Vaghela hails from North Gujarat too.
Bollywood superstar Akshay Kumar on? ? Later, the same person was caught in another case and was found to be a habitual offender, the actor said. Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis Maharashtra minister for Women and Child Development Pankaja Munde and actor Akshay Kumar during an international conference on women trafficking in Mumbai on Thursday.
org" , " @ type" : " Review" , " author" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Sweta Kaushal" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. on Emergency? ? s latest film starring Kriti Kulhari and Neil Nitin Mukesh has a confused narrative and melodrama that dethrones the attempt to champion the cause of democracy. " hindustantimes. s film. The irony of Indu Sarkar is that it is so indulgent in highlighting the importance of free speech and democracy that you could change a few names, few other situations and it could well have been a film about the crisis India is facing today: People with allegiances to the ruling party exploiting the masses and even politicians at their own will. ( I could not be a good wife, maybe I can give him some comfort by staying away) . Nanaji? )
Andhra Pradesh government on Thursday issued orders appointing badminton superstar and 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist P V Sindhu as deputy collector. READ | HS? Prannoy beats Parupalli Kashyap to lift US? It may be mentioned that Naidu had offered Sindhu a group- 1 rank officer job while felicitating her on her return from Rio Olympics with the silver medal. Open badminton titleThe orders further said Sindhu should execute a bond stating that she would serve the government for a period of three years after the completion of training.
Vinnik ? mastermind? of a crime organisation? Vinnik was described by the justice department as the operator of BTC- e, an exchange used to trade the digital currency bitcoin since 2011, which was allegedly used to launder more than $ 4bn for people involved in crimes ranging from computer hacking to drug trafficking. . unplanned maintenance?
A policeman who stopped and hauled up a drunk woman for rash driving ended up being hugged and smooched, police said Thursday. Then a constable tried to bring out the woman and her two friends - a man and a woman, who were also under the influence of liquor A- from the car. ? said a police officer lightheartedly.
s Najafgarh area on Wednesday night. 30pm. In a statement, an eyewitness told the police that the men fired two rounds, one at Mayank and other at Shyam, and fled the spot. This led to an argument and the men insisted on turning the cooler to where they were sitting, ? ? a senior police officer said.
? If an institution fails to take adequate steps to prevent ragging or does not act in accordance with these regulations or fails to punish perpetrators suitably, it will attract punitive action by the UGC, ? reads the circular issued by Jaspal S Sandhu, secretary, UGC. The University Grants Commission ( UGC) has asked the universities across the country to install alarm bells in hostels to identify troublemakers as part of the anti- ragging measures.
said Dr Ann McKee of Boston University. Researchers found the most severe cases of CTE in athletes who had played the longest, and at the highest levels. It? This is just the individuals who have come into our bank, ? ? CTE was at first believed to primarily impact boxers, but in recent years it has increasingly become associated with football, hockey and military service. she said. s research.
Special judge Virender Singh also imposed a fine of Rs 5, 000 on Abid Khan alias Abu Mohammad. He was on NIA? s radar and according to the prosecution, he confessed that he was working with a sleeper cell of the ISIS and also gave crucial information.
The gates will allow them safe passage, ? ? India? Officials have identified 12 points in Meghalaya and one in Assam along the border, which are used by wild elephants to travel to Bangladesh, where the gates will be constructed. said Das.
said Lapayowker. taste it? I was totally numb, ? An Airbnb spokesperson said that it had conducted a background check on Del Olmo, but because he was not convicted in a previous case, he was allowed to be a host. ? verified? s claims. significant misdemeanors? . Teresa Li, Lapayowker?
electric highway? s ? , Miles said. green energy? The $ 3m contract to build the network has been awarded to Brisbane technology company Tritium, which began as a solar car racing parts manufacturer. The stations, which recharge a vehicle in 30 minutes, will offer free power for at least a year in what the environment minister, Steven Miles, said was a bid to boost the number of electric cars on Queensland roads, currently about 700. ? national leadership? ?
grand alliance? unilateral decisions? s 27. The BJP sent party secretary Anil Jain and health minister JP Nadda to the swearing- in. s attempts at forging a united front against the NDA took a hard hit after the exit of Kumar, identified with good governance and probity. Kumar? . So the governor has the discretion to call a combination or party who will enjoy majority on the floor of the House, ? ? Akhilesh Yadav, Mayawati, Mamata Banerjee, Lalu Prasad?
HE SAID IT' S ALL UP TO YOU' Responding to Asif' s plea, Swaraj also wondered whether Pakistan Prime Minister' s Foreign Affairs Advisor Satraj Aziz had refused to issue a recommendation letter for the issuance of a visa by India to the patent. Superwoman? In another tweet, she said " my heart belongs and beats for you" , adding that " Pakistan does not deserve her at all" . " Love you maam. Cannot stop praising you in tears! !
? Rolling Stone magazine has put liberal Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on the cover of its latest issue and asks: ? https: / / t. co/ yLLLr6sGGI pic. twitter. Perhaps recognising that only American- born US citizens can become president, the magazine takes a different tack on its website.
Sending Britain? We haven? ? In a pointed declaration aimed squarely at China, whose island- building and militarisation in the sea has unnerved western powers, the British foreign secretary said that when the ships came into service they would be sent to the Asia- Pacific region as one of their first assignments. In a pointed declaration aimed squarely at China, whose island- building and militarisation in the sea has unnerved western powers, the British foreign secretary said that when the ships came into service they would be sent to the Asia- Pacific region as one of their first assignments. He went on: ? books. And we pledge to do this [ send the carriers] not because we have enemies in the region ? he said. s foreign and defence ministers ?
By Lalit K Jha Washington, Jul 27 ( PTI) President Donald Trump has decided to donate his second quarter salary to the US education department to help American students get access to high quality education, the White House said Wednesday. " Other donors donors quickly stepped up to bring the total donation over USD 260, 000 to the education department. Theres much work to be done, but we are certainly on the right track, thanks to the presidents leadership, " she said. " Just yesterday, Ivanka Trump and I hosted a summer reading event at the Smithsonians National Museum of American History, where the focus was on getting young girls, age six to ten, excited about learning science, technology, engineering, and maths. "
Fifty years after homosexuality was decriminalised in England and Wales, 72 other countries and territories worldwide continue to criminalise same- sex relationships, including 45 in which sexual relationships between women are outlawed. There are eight countries in which homosexuality can result in a death penalty, and dozens more in which homosexual acts can result in a prison sentence, according to an annual report by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association ( ILGA) . among minors. But some still cannot be described as liberal. he said. amazing strides? ? said Matt Horwood.
Richa Chadha prefers to be tight- lipped about anything related to her love life, and she holds the society responsible for her stance. ? she says. says Richa. So, if you are playing Masaan once at 9pm in the night and another show at 11am, they will not pull the crowds in normal days because people are working. Like films don?
Tawde said the government will inform Governor C Vidyasagar Rao, who is the chancellor of all universities in the state, about the views expressed by members of the House. On Gorhe? s ally Shiv Sena had on Monday sought the resignation of Tawde and Mumbai University vice chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh over the ? mess? ? Tawde said.
At 10. But the hours before that were harrowing for the 90 fire brigade personnel, 300 rescue workers, 50 NDRF men and their sniffer dogs, who combed through the rubble of the five- storey structure looking for people. So far, seven of the injured have been discharged from the Rajawadi and Shantiniketan hospitals. By 5. READ: ? Doctors at Rajawadi? Dr Kachare said.
While the video is unclear and does not give many details, the police said the boy told them the name of the accused starts with a ? The distraught man asked his son about the culprits and recorded it. Feeling humiliated, the kids drank rat poison. Z? The police have questioned all his friends and are trying to identify the accused. ? Read: Child sexual abuse: Parents, stop saying ?
? The annual target for RPO required to be met by the discoms shall be notified by the dommission in the tariff order that is likely to be announced in September, ? After defaulting on RPOs for years and with the Aam Aadmi Party government notifying the Delhi Solar Policy, the city? green energy? reverse auction? extremely competitive?
non- grievous and non- serious? offences. We want to adopt this, ? Read more: Byculla jail riot: A reminder that jails in India are hellholesThe prisons department estimates earnings of roughly Rs 25 crore a year from the rental if the government clears the plan. ? Singh said.
Azmi is the son of Samajwadi Party ( SP) MLA Abu Azmi. Azmi in his application claimed that the caller told him that he would suffer as he had married a Hindu woman. ? said Farhan.
To be built at an estimated cost of Rs 29 crore, 75 per cent of the rooms in the new hostel would be allotted to the students from the north- east, said Singh, the Union minister of state for development of north eastern region ( DoNER) . Laying the foundation stone for the construction of the Barak hostel, named after the Barak river in the north- east, he said it was expected to be operational after 20 months. The hostel will have five floors, accommodating 400 students ( both boys and girls) .
It is very unfortunate. Anti- India slogans were raised inside the campus. New Delhi, Jul 27 ( PTI) The students of JNU must take an oath of protecting the shine of Indias pride and nationality, a BJP MP said today while supporting a demand by the Vice Chancellor to install a battle tank inside the campus. It is an insult of those protecting the border, " Lekhi said.
A Delhi policeman? s Lado Sarai on Sunday evening. s Saidul Ajab area, Tewatia works at a call centre in Gurgaon. Biswal said the probe so far suggests that the attackers were the same men with whom Tewatia had got into a scuffle minutes earlier. CCTV footage from nearby areas are being scanned.
A team led by police sub inspector Vikas Patil nabbed the accused from Kandivali on last Thursday after receiving a tip- off about their hide out. We had checked the CCTV footage from the areas where they had committed burglaries and could figure out their faces enough to make a sketch. t be home. ? added Chavan.
For the past one year, the Mumbai and Thane police were getting regular complaints of house break- ins within minutes by unknown thieves. ? He said that the men got out of a Swift Desire and seemed to be guests at a house. READ? added Umap. said Umap. s house
Mumbai, Jul 26 ( PTI) City police early today received a complaint about loud music being played at Antilia building, the residence of Reliance chief Mukesh Ambani, an official said. After receiving the complaint, when policeman went to the site, but found no loud music being played, the official added.
The accused, identified as Abdul Salam Abdul Momin Shaikh, 24, worked as a courier boy in Gati Courier Company located at Andheri ( East) and used to deliver mobile phones discarded by online websites like Amazon and Flipkart back to the wholesale shop, Hardtrac Services. he said. The accused started stealing one or two phones at each delivery back to the wholesaler and realised that nobody noticed the missing mobile phones. he added. ? said a police official.
residence via speed post. Of this, nearly seven lakh are issued against new cars and 2. transfer of ownership? This system would remove the contact between the dealers and the licensing officers as all documents will collectively reach for dispatch and there shall be no preference given to anybody, ? said Kritika Manchanda, a resident of Panchsheel Park. ?
Read: Watch: Maharashtra CM? He added that an SOP handbook will be written by an inspector general, as officers of those ranks generally handle VIP security. ? said Fadnavis. s helicopter crash- lands, Devendra Fadnavis safe?
munafaperday. com< http: / / www. com> , munafadaily. Further investigations by the police led to the identification of over 28 bank accounts, one laptop, two mobile phones and four forged PAN cards. biz> and mudratrade. 5, 000 and Rs. The police have identified the victims as Kapil Dev Suman, his brother Sushil Kumar Suman, Sooraj Kumar and Biplav Kumar.
s ? harm? core interest? ? Following his April visit to Arunachal Pradesh, which Beijing claims as its own, Beijing had retaliated by changing the name of six cities in the northeastern Indian state. s planned visit to Botswana, warning the African country not to ?
During Wednesday? She will also appear there on the same date in relation to another terror offence for which she had previously been charged. married? i. s top police officer added: ? ?
s holiest sites. ? Al- Jazeera has also faced government censure in neighbouring Egypt when in 2014, the Arab state jailed three al- Jazeera employees for seven years and closed the network? the Israeli leader added. s offices.
( PTI)  						Directed by Shree Narayan Singh and co- produced by Akshay and Neeraj Pandey, the film stars Akshay and Bhumi Pednekar. Akshay told reporters. ? When asked if he has any plans to hold a special screening for Modi, the actor said, ? ( IANS)  						The actor said the film is based on a true incident and is essentially a love story. I would love to.
Officiel India. Even as Priyanka Chopra continues to rule the world as a global star, fans and critics are not ready to spare her even for the oldest of things. Yaaaasss ? Radhe Maa is back. SAGAR ( @ sagarcasm) July 26, 2017When jon snow dies in india, the red woman we need . twitter. # PriyankaChopra # gots7 pic. .
Over the last few months, the Malayalam industry has been witnessing a crime that has had several twists and turns. Pulsar Suni, the main accused in the case, wrote a letter to Dileep wherein he mentions ' Madam' . It is painful to hear fake news about this on TV. ALSO READ: Malayalam actress abduction case | Kerala HC rejects Dileep' s bail pleaALSO READ | Kerala actress abduction case: HC defers verdict on Dileep' s bail pleaALSO READ: Kerala actress abduction case- Dileep' s official website hacked? Dileep' s judicial custody has been extended till August 8.
? Shah Rukh Khan ( @ iamsrk) July 26, 2017The movie revolves around Harry, a tourist guide who is perhaps unaware of what he is seeking and Sejal played by Anushka Sharma, a Gujarati girl who refuses to budge till she finds her lost ring. With this as the premise, the movie traces their journey across the world. . Jab Harry met Sejal? Harry?
Sachin Tendulkar fans Poonam Raut, Deepti Sharma learnt of record from WhatsAppDeepti, the youngest of the seven siblings, says she focuses equally on bat and ball and wants to become a world- class all- rounder. ? s Cricket World? pic. As far as my bowling is concerned, I decide whether to flight the ball or bowl flatter after anticipating the mindset of the batter, ? Harmanpreet Kaur developed ? READ | ? she added.
The infant was found on July 3 by a tribal couple, who were alerted by his cries from a burial ground at Ghus village, about 64 kms from Barwani. painstaking investigation? he added. But her husband, who came to know about the incident, also refused to accept the baby and told her to abandon it, the officer added. ? I didn?
Not enough respect. Read: Bollywood doesn? Bollywood? Apparently, all the major heroines of those times, from Madhubala and Meena Kumari to Nutan and Hema Malini, insisted on only Lataji? I had no time to think of anything except how to look after my siblings. Even my name was not printed on the records; it was the name of the character that the heroine played that was printed on the record. ghost voices? ?
s Yerwada jail. The bench also questioned the decision of the state and prison authorities to grant frequent paroles and furloughs to Dutt while he was serving his sentence in Pune? He argued it was just in cases involving ? . and to reward good behaviour. ?
My intention was clear. Talking about the incident, Dhanush was quoted as saying, " It was silly of me, I am generally a calm person, but I did react in a way I should not have. According to a report in Deccan Chronicle, Dhanush feels it is silly of him to react that way. Directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth, film also stars Kajol Devgn, Amala Paul, Samuthirakani and Vivek in important roles.
s next, Indu Sarkar. The Court said that the petitioner had not made out any case for the court to interfere and stay the release of the movie after the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) granted certificate to the film. known descendant? Sanjay Gandhi?
? year, following her highly- publicised divorce from Brad Pitt, which was followed immediately by an equally public battle over the custody of their six children. Bell? I think that? s palsy is a condition in which the muscles on one side of your face become weak or paralyzed. s palsy can happen to anyone. ve had.
D dissertation/ thesis today. union ( JNUSU) general secretary. ? That is why we have asked them to fill their details in MPhil and PhD submission form in Hindi and English. he said.
The government was categorical that after enrolling nearly 100 crore citizens spending an astronomical amount of Rs 6, 300 crore there was no going back. ' Controversially, Attorney General K K Venugopal arguing for the Centre also stated that privacy claims required better priority in developed countries " not in a country like India where a vast majority of citizens do not have access to basic needs" . . It has to be on a case to case basis. The PILs had said the manner in which biometric details are collected by private contractors and NGOs hired by UIDAI without any safeguard makes them prone to misuse.
The report has been submitted to the high court earlier this month. s report. ? said AK Shukla, chief wildlife warden of Delhi In 2016, a committee comprising wildlife officials had recommended that all the elephants should be confiscated as their health was poor and the animals were kept in bad conditions. The risk was compounded as there were neither any secondary barriers to restrain the elephants in case they broke the chain with which they are tied, nor there were any tranquilising guns or medicines to restrict them, ? While six are kept at Sangam Vihar in Wazirabad, one is kept at a JJ cluster in Laxmi Nagar. the report said.
Talking about the experience of venturing into a new industry and language, Dhanush told Mumbai Mirror: ? pic. I just finished one English film and I believe a script should convince me to take off from one industry to another and do complete justice to it. I have earlier said no to three- four English films but this film made me say ? ? Talks are on. he said, adding it?
s father told Hindustan Times. ? During her cross examination in the court, the girl had said that she was told by her class teacher that the director and principal had given instructions to not allow her to sit in the classroom. the girl? s parents. ENDS
Her brother Tejaswi and Ragini were the other two owners. Also read | ED to seize Lalu Prasad' s daughter Misa Bharti' s Delhi farmhouse An investigation by the Income Tax department into the alleged benami transactions of Lalu' s children for buying properties in Delhi has revealed that AB Exports, the firm that purchased the bungalow for Rs 5 crore, was a shell company.
But the current auctioneers note that the image that is set to go under the hammer on 27 July is unusual in also showing the companions who left the Princeton club with Einstein that night: Frank Aydelotte, director of the Institute of Advanced Study at Princeton, where Einstein worked, and Aydelotte? s wife, Marie Jeanette. Einstein? rather pungent?
Things got bad, ? It? slightly defensive? . In a sprawling interview with Vanity Fair, Angelina Jolie spoke, among other things, about how her life has changed post her split from husband Brad Pitt. ( The lifestyle) was not in any way a negative, ? ? s globe- trotting lifestyle, ? Jolie said that she took the step ?
Observing that such words were prohibited under the Evidence Act, the court said if there was even an iota of scandalous questions in future cross- examination, it would transfer the case from the joint registrar to a bench of the high court. In a major set back for Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, the Delhi High Court has imposed on him a fine of  Rs 10, 000 for not filing a response on the fresh Rs 10 crore defamation suit against him by Union minister Arun Jaitley. Are you aware that these are unparliamentary words? " Do these fall under free speech? the judge said.
? twitter. FROM INDIA TODAY MAGAZINE: NITISH KUMAR - GIANT SLAYERMoments after Nitish tendered his resignation to Governor Keshari Nath Tripathi, he was once again at the Governor' s House later in the night to claim support of 132 MLAs of the JD- U and the BJP. Earlier, Lalu Prasad Yadav' s Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) hit the streets across Bihar in protest against Nitish Kumar' s decision to dump Mahagathbandhan for the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) . com/ euXG3ZkrLETEJASHWI DECIDES TO FIGHT  In no mood to give up without a fight, Tejashwi Yadav earlier said the RJD being the single largest party in the state would stake claim to form the government. " s progress & prosperity.
. Mohapatra told PTI. Airports Authority of India ( AAI) Chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra said the penalties have been increased as the earlier quantum was not appropriate with the changing times. ? he noted.
s hand. Harmanpreet? said the right- handed batswoman. | ? ? That match was telecast and people saw it, we had the hunger to win that match and I was happy that I played that knock when the team needed and the team won, ?
? Wednesday. Food regulator FSSAI has banned use of staple pins in tea bags from January next year as it can cause serious health hazards, its CEO Pawan Agarwal said on? FSSAI order said.
1: PresidentCitizen No. 3: Prime MinisterCitizen No. 26: Joint Secretaries to the Government of India and officers of equivalent rank, Officers of the rank of Major- General or equivalent rank Citizen No. 25: Additional Secretaries to the Government of IndiaAdditional Solicitor General, Advocate Generals of StatesChairman of Tariff CommissionCharge d' Affairs and Acting High Commissioners a pied and ad interimChief Ministers of Union Territories and Chief Executive Councillor, Delhi ( outside their respective Union Territories) Chief Secretaries of state governments outside their respective statesDeputy Comptroller and Auditor GeneralDeputy Speakers of Legislative Assemblies in Union Territories and Deputy Chairman, Delhi Metropolitan Council ( outside their respective Union Territories) Director of Central Bureau of Investigation, Director General of Border Security Force, Director General of Central Reserve Police, Director of Intelligence BureauLieutenant Governors ( outside their respective Union Territories) Members of Central Administrative Tribunal, Members of Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Commission, Members of Union Public Service Commission ( UPSC) Ministers of Union Territories and Executive Councillors, Delhi, outside their respective Union TerritoriesPrincipal Staff Officers of the Armed Forces of the rank of major General or equivalent rankSpeakers of Legislative Assemblies in Union Territories and Chairman of Delhi, Metropolitan Council, outside their respective Union Territories  Citizen No. Citizen No. 27: You?
s Metro. From next month, you will no longer need to carry your smartcard or stand in long queues to buy a ticket to ride the city? said a senior official. ? 60 lakh commuters buy tokens at counters at Metro stations daily. the official said.
said Maharathy. # BiharWithTejashwi pic. Bihar Today? Nitish Tyagi? Nitish ji ki aadat hai ki wo apne gathbandhan mein daagi vyakti ko nahi rakhte hain, isiliye gathbandhan toot gaya ( It is Nitish ji? - ? , ? ? RJD being the single largest party should have been invited to form the government. s popularity. Sushil Kumar Modi ( @ SushilModi) July 27, 20172/ 2. . He has been asked by the governor to prove his majority in the Assembly within two days of taking oath. Then, we? m confident that with the cooperation of the centre, developement in the state will get a boost, ? Veerendra Kumar said he expected JD( U) senior leader Sharad Yadav and its MLAs in Bihar not to accept Nitish Kumar? 20 ? Sushil Kumar Modi ( @ SushilModi) July 27, 20175: 10 pm: Meanwhile in Kerala, as the state JD( U) unit voiced disapproval of Nitish Kumar? This whole drama was planned and Tejashwi was just an excuse for him ( Kumar) to go with BJP: Tejashwi Yadav2: 40 am: Tejashwi Yadav meets Bihar governor Keshri Nath Tripathi in Patna to register protest over Nitish Kumar being invited to form his government ahead of RJD. Entered in govt with clean slate, keen desire of writing a positive story for Bihar ppl, only to find opportunist rival. Yadav adds. 11: 23 am: Digvijaya Singh says if JD( U) had problems with Tejashwi, they could have suspended him, called a RJD- JDU- Cong meeting, there was no need to cheat the grand alliance. Grand Alliance? fascist forces? he said. . s decision, ? he says. t allow it. tweets Nitish. Scandal- tainted RJD? Honest & Moral?
. Moudgil said. In a notice dated July 16 and released by his lawyers, Rao has denied all the allegations and sought a public apology from Moudgil within three days of receiving the notice. I? ? The reason is obvious that you could not take photo of a non- existent kitchen, ? the notice says.
Pramod left a daughter and wife behind. Pramod, a 35- year- old man from Chikkamagaluru, Bengaluru who was working as a manager in one of the most popular chain of cafes, Cafe Coffee Day committed suicide. Give them so much love that they should not miss me at all. Dear father, mother, brother, sister- in- law, father- in- law and brother- in- law, please take good care of Muddu ( daughter) and Arpita ( wife) . Please donate my organs after my death. Your' s lovingly PRAMOD"
abusive? husband and almost got away with it too, but for the sharp eye of a police informer who spotted injuries on the body minutes before it was cremated. She almost managed to get away with it too but for a police informer, who noticed strangulation marks on the man? ? an investigating officer said. t normal. an officer told the Hindustan Times.
The Prime Minister? non- official? Quoting the rules, the IAF said no charge will be recovered for use of aircraft by the President, vice- president, the prime minister ( except when he/ she travels otherwise than on official duty) , the ministers of defence and home and senior defence ministry officials for defence purposes. s Office has paid around Rs 89 lakh to the Indian Air Force for flying Narendra Modi on 128 ? BJP sources, however, said that the money is paid to the PMO and is shown in the election expenditure report submitted to the election commission. Batra said.
He was apprehended yesterday around 11 am when the Central Industrial Security Force personnel, deployed for the airports security, found him roaming suspiciously inside the terminal building, a senior official in airport security said today. He told the CISF personnel that he had come to see off his woman friend, who was travelling to Almaty, the official said.
An 11- year- old tribal hostel student in a government- run ashramshala committed suicide by hanging himself from the iron frame of a scrapped tempo near his school on Tuesday. However, he refused, said assistant police inspector Prakash Sonawane. Police sent the body for a postmortem, which confirmed that he died of strangulation. ? said an officer.
s face morphed onto a nude body to it. After the cyber police blocked this profile on July 21, the man made another and uploaded the same photos, said the police. ? said the investigating officer.
I don? We? ? ll let the people decide what to do to people that are this greedy and put lives potentially in danger, ? she said. On her return trip back to Hawaii from a conference in Boston, she said the airline gave her free upgrades and perks, but she felt the gestures were not genuine. The mother?
Venezuelan president Nicolás Maduro? slowly? s weekly televised show. ? Critics say Maduro is trying to cement a dictatorship by pushing forward with the Constituent Assembly this Sunday. At no point was I asked, nor did I authorize, the use or the change in lyrics of Despacito for political ambitions, and much less in the middle of a deplorable situation that Venezuela, a country I love so much, is living, ?
In their stringent action against the people who are not adhering to the norms despite repeated warnings, the North MCD issued 1, 194 challans to construction sites and 361 challans for burning of leaves, while the South MCD has issued 1, 418 and 475 challans, respectively. Apart from this, the civic agencies have also taken action against the people stacking construction material and running illegal industries in the city. said senior officials from the department of environment management services, EDMC. ? t want to co- operate, ? said an SDMC official.
? In some cases, according to another constable, the police personnel wait near the junction with their e- challan devices to catch those violating the law. 4 crore as fine for traffic violations in the first five months of 2017. The police deploy constables on bike at junctions where motorists are likely to flout rules. 05 crore. 29 lakh.
s Muharram procession. fine balance? personally supervise? The police said that the leaders of the community had said that this year, no child will be permitted to use or carry weapons during the procession. ?
Hi folks. Fake media. Thank you. [ This is a much abbreviated version: you can read the full Levitt reminiscence here and here. ] By the way, what do you think the chances are that this incredible, massive crowd, record- setting, is going to be shown on television tonight? He so badly wanted it, he got bored with this life of yachts and sailing and all of the things he did in the south of France and other places ? ll be back. There? re Boy Scouts, but you know life, you know life. re Boy Scouts, I? Some of you here tonight might even have camped out in this yard when Mike was the governor of Indiana, but the scouting was very, very important. Merry Christmas.
Sabri said: ? smart checks? ) and other measures instead of metal detectors in order to ensure the security of visitors and worshippers in the Old City and on the Temple Mount? Even before the Israeli decision to remove the devices, it was unclear whether such a move would be sufficient to end the violence. The removal of the detectors on Tuesday appeared to be part of a deal under which Israeli diplomats were repatriated from Jordan, including an embassy security guard who was involved in a fatal shooting of two Jordanians on Sunday night. ? reinforce? .
The MMRDA said it fixed 353 potholes on the Western Express Highway, which were reported between July 1 and July 10, last week. Dilip Kawathkar, joint project director, MMRDA, said, ? ? Meanwhile, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) has decided to not even count the number of potholes on the roads it is supposed to maintain or reveal the number of complaints it has received. Officials only said that they had attended to ? of complaints.
The authority? However, as per Noida? The Noida authority has decided to conduct a survey of the population in residential and industrial areas to assess if it can allow new projects or additional floor area ratio in existing ones without burdening the existing infrastructure. s chief executive officer ( CEO) Amit Mohan Prasad has constituted a committee to conduct the survey and submit a report within a month. ? said Rai.
Since monsoon was approaching, using bitumen was not the solution as unless there is a proper drainage system, water accumulates on the road and the bitumen gets washed away. 15 lakh to lay the new road, but by adopting cold mix technology they could fix the potholes by spending ? Tandon said. Supriyo Dasgupta, secretary, Fresco RWA, said. 1. ? 1, 000.
The first instalment, a grant of Rs 1. Union youth affairs and sport minister Vijay Goel, who initiated the project during his second term as a Member of Parliament from Chandni Chowk around 2004, had sent a proposal to the culture ministry seeking funds for the restoration of the facility as ? said Goel. I don? ? Literature pertaining to the city and the history of the place since its inception will also be provided, so that people coming to the museum can learn about it. he said.
We don? We will not let the land acquisition take place for the airport project because the state government is cheating farmers by giving them only Rs3, 500 per square metre ( psm) for land. said Ajaypal Sharma, district president, Bharatiya Kisan Union. said Mukesh Bhati, a Jewar resident. ? Farmers are happy to give their land for the project and we hope there will be no problem, ?
Police in Jharkhand? ? Birthare said. The content in the video was explicitly provocative. s Hazaribag arrested a 25- year- old Muslim man late Monday night for allegedly abusing Prime Minister Narendra Modi and cows in a video that recently went viral on WhatsApp, Hazaribag superintendent of police Anup Birthare said on Tuesday.
In Mumbai? For the first time after Shiv Sena almost lost its grip on its bastion of Mumbai in the civic polls earlier this year, party chief Uddhav Thackeray accepted that they didn? I don? t think it is right to vote out those who have helped you in times of crisis. ? Thackeray said. he said.
s unforeseen decision to purge Sun has shredded not only those expectations but also the playbook governing how one- party China conducts political leadership successions. . s top two jobs, general secretary and premier, should be informally anointed five years ahead of a full leadership transition, as had happened with Xi and Li in 2007. ideological legacy? political ecosystem? or both. s future leader. If they feel they are being put at risk and the whole party is being put at risk by a leader who is trying to claim too much of the power and privilege for himself, then I think there is a risk. ? yóu? said Li.
s personality are revealed in the language he used in 3, 200 tweets issued by October 2016, before he became president. s Tim Cook and Tesla? Trump? However, they stress that leading a company is very different from leading a country and it is unclear whether political leaders with an extremely entrepreneurial personality can indeed act strictly entrepreneurially in their highly responsible role. ? said Obschonka.
. on progress. Some people are not able to talk to their parents at home about the stuff that Quest does, ? s administration, receives about $ 100 million a year. Leaders of the HOPE Buffalo program always had an eye toward establishing partnerships with city and community leaders that would enable its work to continue beyond the five- year lifespan of the grant, which provided $ 2 million a year, Project Director Stan Martin said. ? Brown- Cannon said. she said. They provided a comfortable environment where people could ask questions or talk about their concerns.
I? . so that you can get the truth and the whole story, then do not investigate my army and police. ? Leftwing lawmaker Emmi de Jesus of the Gabriela Women? s party asked Duterte to retract the threat, saying government troops may use it as a pretext to attack indigenous schools and communities in the country?
swapnil. In a chat with Sena Member of Parliament and executive editor of Saamana Sanjay Raut, Thackeray attacked Modi over his style of functioning, demonetisation, Good and Services Tax ( GST) and the PM? Thackeray asked. ? Sena, which is the junior partner in the central and state governments, has never missed an opportunity to speak up against the BJP and the prime minister. dhol bajao andolan? I am merely on the side of the people, ? he said.
The Enforcement Directorate had conducted raids on July 8 at three Delhi farmhouses owned by Misa Bharti, her husband and a firm linked to them, in a money laundering case probe. The agency said 1, 20, 000 shares of Mishail Printers and Packers Private Limited were bought between 2007 and 2008 at a rate of Rs 100 per share by four shell companies - Shalini Holdings Limited, Ad- Fin Capital Services ( India) Private Limited, Mani Mala Delhi Properties Private Limited and Diamond Vinimay Private Limited. Between 2009 and 2010, the address was changed to Bijwasan, it added. ALSO READ: Misa Bharti' s accountant Rajesh Agarwal arrested by ED in money laundering caseI- T department attaches Lalu Yadav' s daughter Misa Bharti' s Rs 50 crore assets
Parliament? s tables. s monsoon session proceedings after the weekend break were marred by disruptions as opposition lawmakers protested in the well of the Lower House and threw shredded papers at Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and the secretary general? ? Kharge said. Trinamool MP Saugata Roy said he had given three notices for a discussion on the topic, but those were not accepted.
other district road? They will have to prepare a service lane in the area and also have to take care of the piped gas line that passes through the area. ? Due to massive inflow of traffic on the Ghaziabad- Meerut Road ( erstwhile NH- 58) , officials of the Ghaziabad Development Authority ( GDA) had proposed the construction of a flyover and also altered the design, by making it a split- type flyover, as the regional rapid transit system ( RRTS) corridor passes through the median of the road. he said. said Manish Verma, executive engineer, PWD.
How was the tender processed? Yuva Sena Chief Aaditya Thackeray on Monday met Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao to complain about the ongoing chaos over exam assessment in the Mumbai University and demanded resignations of state education minister Vinod Tawde and vice- chancellor Sanjay Deshmukh. Read more: ? Thackeray asked the governor to conduct an inquiry into why the university decided to opt for online assessment of papers this year, a move that has resulted in chaos and inordinate delays in paper correction. ?
China? China aims to launch a Mars probe around 2020 to carry out orbiting and roving exploration, followed by a second mission that would include collection of surface samples from the red planet, according to an official white paper ? . and a ? Mars village?
? - - Lalu Prasad? 28am: Tejashwi Yadav along with RJD delegation will meet Bihar governor KN Tripathi at 11 am on Thursday; to stake claim for forming government. 56pm: Nitish Kumar, Sushil Modi and BJP, JDU leaders leave for Raj Bhavan to meet governor Keshari Nath Tripathi. Congratulations! The MLAs of the Grand Alliance parties should sit down and pick a new leader. t compromise on issue of corruption and did not kneel down before RJD: BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi7. quotes sources. s tweet9. s residence in Patna for a meeting of JDU- BJP MLAs, reports ANI. . We felt they were not in a position to speak: Nitish Kumar6. 36pm: We don?
The UK accounted for 14% , ahead of Switzerland ( 6% ) , Singapore ( 2% ) and Ireland ( 1% ) . s accountants. The UK is a major conduit for investments going to European countries and former members of the British Empire, such as Hong Kong, Jersey, Guernsey or Bermuda, reflecting the historical links and tax treaties enjoyed by firms setting up in Britain. sink? ? In the context of Brexit, where you have the UK threatening, unless they get a deal, to change their model to be attractive to companies who want to protect themselves from taxes, well, they are already doing it.
The new sanctions could affect companies from third countries, which trade with North Korea, and especially China, the main trading partner of the isolated regime of Kim Jong- un. ? We firmly oppose any words and deeds that may heighten the tension, ? Kang said.
These Faggots Kill Fascists! # TQILA # YPJ # YPG pic. said a tweet from IRPGF, which itself is part of the International Freedom Battalion, a motley group of foreign fighters battling the IS alongside the YPG, the Kurdish militia also known as the People? TQILA? ? , ? s members have watched in horror as fascist and extremist forces around the world have attacked the Queer community and murdered countless of our community members citing that they are ? the statement said.
professional courses? Private law colleges in Maharashtra have been allowed to hike their fees for the first time in nine years. expenditure. ? Many colleges don? said Jyoti Deshmukh, principal, VES College of Law, Chembur.
Palam Vihar SHO Praveen Malik said they received the complaint late in the evening. he added. Rao, who served in the Indian Army for years and was a part of Kargil war, said that it could not be work of just two- three men, but ? ( Parveen Kumar/ HT? ? The veteran said that the memorial becomes a picnic spot for drunk men and miscreants every night. s or one association? Rao asked.
The incident took place around 8. A case was registered with the Azad Maidan police station. ? Initially, the police had detained Apte on the basis of suspicion, as he looked identical to the person seen on the CCTV footage, and following his confession, the accused was arrested. said an officer.
A cybercriminal posed as a bank official and cheated a 32- year- old woman from Versova of Rs49, 999, said police. ? s customers, ? The fraudster asked the woman for her credit card details, saying the data update would benefit the bank?
s Ayaz Akbar and Mehrajuddin Kalwal, Shahid- ul- Islam, who is from the Mirwaiz faction of the Hurriyat, Nayeem Khan of the Jammu Kashmir National Front and Peer Saifullah were arrested in Srinagar. Tehreek- e- Hurriyat? In the past few weeks, the NIA raided places across Kashmir, New Delhi and Haryana looking for evidence of separatist leaders and businessmen receiving funds from Hafiz Saeed, who heads the Jamaat- ud- Dawa group, and other Pakistan- based militant outfits. . ? he tweeted.
s French Open. shock therapy? of ripping up his coaching team earlier this year before reaching out to Agassi, who joined him at Roland Garros on an exploratory basis, but Djokovic ran out of steam when the elbow problem that has troubled him for 18 months flared up against Berdych at Wimbledon. I? It will take a couple of months at least without a racket and I hope after that I can start to train. ? m grateful for that. I haven?
Younis told PTI. s sister, ? The Wadda? He added that the station house officer of Muzafarabad police had become a complainant in the case so that both parties cannot reach a compromise and withdraw the FIRs against each other. ? he said.
Wonder Woman 2 is set to storm theatres on December 13, 2019, Warner Bros. announced the date late Tuesday. ( AP)  						Jenkins? Wonder Woman is still chugging along at the box office, with over $ 389. 7 million from North American theatres.
t talk. . A post shared by Kajol Devgan ( @ kajol) on Jul 2, 2017 at 8: 35am PDT The actress features in the Soundarya Rajinikanth- directed film along with Dhanush. I would not have been able to do this film, taken that chance with the film which is in another language without knowing that Dhanush and Soundarya would back me up and safeguard me, ? ? VIP 2? she adds.
The passenger underwent a health check- up in Patna, Buxar and then again at Mughalsarai in UP, where senior rail officers were also present, officials said. The caterer was fined Rs 10 lakh last year and Rs 7. The spokesperson said in the last six months, the administration had terminated the contracts of eight catering units. " Kindly share your PNR number, " it tweeted and tagged the concerned catering department.
The total expenditure of the UIDAI since 2009- 10 to 2017- 18 ( up to July 18, 2017) is Rs 9, 055. 97 crore towards enrolment and Rs 1, 171. To a separate query, Chaudhary said Aadhaar seeding in the beneficiary database is an important component of direct benefit transfer ( DBT) for better targeting of beneficiaries and ensuring such transfer in a transparent and efficient manner. 15 crore have been despatched.
This announcement comes at a time when, of the total 11 Rajya Sabha members from the state, the term of three of them - Smriti Irani and Dilipbhai Pandya ( both BJP) and Congress' Ahmed Patel - is coming to an end on August 18. SHAH- MODI DUO A HIT COMBINATION? Also read | Amit Shah' s Jaipur visit galvanises BJP' s Rajasthan unit
Then there? s # climatechange # harassment # feminism and # gayrights. Often, a stray opinion will wander, into this curfew of manufactured truth, seeking no alliance with black nor white, and with original thought to boot. Aren? , ? Not thoughts or feelings, but trending hashtags tell us where to draw daggers, and how deep. Apurva was recently in news when he got into a row with Kangana Ranaut over the writing credits of Hansal Mehta?
s future. My heart is so happy for this cute family! says Ram. Ever since actor Sunny Leone and husband, businessman Daniel Weber, adopted a baby girl, Nisha Kaur Weber, people from the film fraternity have been congratulating the couple. t upset any system in any way, and has technically made all her choices by herself and with her own mind, and not under pressure or stress from someone else, then what business does anyone else have to judge him or her? I? ?
he added. Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra will be seen romancing each other once again in his forthcoming project. I? I am very happy that Arjun and Parineeti have agreed to join me in this journey and I hope that this film can become one of their best outings, ? . ?
Centuries from opener Shikhar Dhawan ( 190) and Cheteshwar Pujara ( 144 not out) helped India reach 399/ 3 at stumps with Ajinkya Rahane also batting on 39. Later, Pujara and Rahane added another 113 runs for the fourth- wicket to take the visitors to their second ever highest opening day' s total. - This is also India' s third highest score on Day 1 of a Test match, home or away, and also the highest for any side vs Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka. Previous best was 375/ 9 vs New Zealand at Wellington in 2009.
and Madonna? s risque 2013 performance with Robin Thicke. MTV has announced the nominees for the 2017 Video Music Awards, eliminating the gendered categories of years past and combining the awards for best male and female video into one category, artist of the year. s views and when you look at the culture as a whole, you had a man against a woman running for president [ last year] . ?
s ice cream machine in case y? . Cones don? nick ( @ phuckyounick) July 18, 2017Nice and dirty. ? The Twitter user, who goes by the handle @ phuckyounick, shared a number of behind- the- scene pictures, even questioning whether the frozen food was ? pic. Cones go here pic. nick ( @ phuckyounick) July 14, 2017Since I am exposing McDonald' s I might as well show you all what you all really eating. s allegations?
Produced by Large Short Films, the short film focusses on global warming and takes a look at what the future could hold for us if we do not take any action today. Carbon is a futuristic film set in 2067 and features Jackky Bhagnani, Nawazzudin Siddiqui, Prachi Desai and Yashpal Sharma in lead roles. YouTube channel.
THREE STATES SUPPORT PETITIONERSKapil Sibal, appearing for the states Karnataka, West Bengal and Puducherry, told the nine- judge bench headed by Chief Justice J S Khekar that the states support the petitioners on the argument that privacy is a fundamental right under Article 21 of the Constitution. Privacy is part of Right to Life under Article 21, but does not enjoy the status of a fundamental right, " said AG Venugopal on behalf of the Centre. Former Attorney General Soli Sorabjee , appearing in support of privacy right, said that even if the Constitution did not " explicitly" provide this right, it could be deduced as had been done in the case of freedom of press. The nine- judge Constitution bench, headed by Chief Justice J S Khekar, comprises Justices J Chelameswar, S A Bobde, R K Agrawal, Rohinton Fali Nariman, Abhay Manohar Sapre, D Y Chandrachud, Sanjay Kishan Kaul and S Abdul Nazeer. " .
24 Kawariyas, 6 ITBP and Police personnel were injured in stone pelting by a mob during the ' Kanwar Yatra' in Bareilly. The police had to resort to a lathi charge to disperse the crowd. R. Vikram Singh, District Magistrate, Bareilly, said the Kanwariyas " did not have permission" to pass through the route, which fell under pockets of Muslim population.
Tejashwi will not resign. We will not tolerate any disrespect towards him. The JD- U has made abundantly clear that Nitish Kumar' s taintless image is more important to the party than sticking with power. " It will not take us even 5 minutes to quit government, power, " JD- U spokesperson Ajay Alok had told India Today. As Nitish Kumar meets his party - Janata Dal United - MLAs later in the evening today in Patna, senior alliance partner Lalu Prasad today reiterated that his son Tejashwi Yadav will not resign.
said Kumar. However, since thousands of heavy vehicles from nearby states enter the city through the Dahisar check naka on a daily basis, blocking them for four hours in the morning could create jams on the highway beyond Dahisar. Arrangements will be made to either divert them to Thane, so that they can enter the city through Mulund by using the Eastern Express Highway, or some alternative parking arrangements would be made at Mira- Bhayandar, ? ? s time. Kumar said.
Ever yearned to swap tales of the sea with Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet? The lot is the latest example of a burgeoning celebrity trend of offering dinner dates or other face- to- face meetings to raise cash for charity. W. E. Can Lead? ? Follow @ htshowbiz for more
s textbook publishing bureau, Balbharti, said, ? said a history teacher from Bhandup on the condition of anonymity. Sikh organisations in Maharashtra have written to education minister Vinod Tawde to remove references to Jarnailsingh Bhindranwale, a militant preacher who was killed in the military operation at Amritsar? , but from the point of view of the British, they too can be called ? terrorist? ? and ? Magar added, ?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi? Modi flies himself. former Congress chief minister Tarun Gogoi tweeted on Tuesday. ? s aerial survey of flood- affected areas in his home state Gujarat on Tuesday and the announcement of Rs 500 crore as relief haven? 1/ 1 https: / / t. co/ 4gMEpyp7KF? Rajnath Kashmiri tweeted.
Operation Vijay? India announces complete eviction of Pakistani troopsThe casualtiesThe official death toll on the Indian side was 527, while that on the Pakistani side was between around 450. Aziz told intruders must leaveJune 15: US President Bill Clinton urges the Pakistan PM to withdraw troops from KargilJune 29: Army captures two important posts near Tiger HillJuly 4: Tiger Hill captured. war- like situation? May 31: Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee says it? The honoursA number of Indian soldiers earned awards for gallantry: [ 97] · Grenadier Yogendra Singh Yadav, 18 Grenadiers, Param Vir Chakra· Lieutenant Manoj Kumar Pandey, 1/ 11 Gorkha Rifles, Param Vir Chakra, Posthumous· Captain Vikram Batra, 13 JAK Rifles, Param Vir Chakra, Posthumous· Rifleman Sanjay Kumar, 13 JAK Rifles, Param Vir Chakra· Captain Anuj Nayyar, 17 JAT Regiment, Maha Vir Chakra, Posthumous· Major Rajesh Singh Adhikari, 18 Grenadiers, Maha Vir Chakra, Posthumous· Captain Haneef- u- ddin, 11 Rajputana Rifles, Vir Chakra, posthumous· Major Mariappan Saravanan, 1 Bihar, Vir Chakra, Posthumous· Squadron Leader Ajay Ahuja, Indian Air Force, Vir Chakra, Posthumous· Havildar Chuni Lal, 8 JAK LI, Vir Chakra.
sad? . Really this has saddened me as I wanted the film fraternity to come on a stage or tweet about this film, but that didn? ? t work. Bhandarkar lamented.
who is ? She also told the court that her husband had signed a Telegu movie and thus, made a lot of money. capable of finding work in the future, and thus, sustaining herself, ? ? pet. s ?
. # MissYou Papa. The 35- year- old adds that during Kargil war, along with the contribution of brave jawans, she also experienced the strength of army wives in full force for the first time in her life. Hope you are fine, hope you are free of pain, hope you still remember us, hope you are free in soldiers heaven where you always wanted to be when you crossed over. ? Yaad Rahey. Celina?
s older sister had just prepared tea in a saucepan and kept it under the bed as she waited for the older siblings and her parents to join her. Police said Ayaat? ? said a senior police officer, adding no case was registered in this connection.
Yadav was charged in connection to the scam in 2012, the same year he cleared his PMT ( Pre- Medical Test) . The exams were taken by around 3. 2 million students.
any factual errors? Brien ( TMC) during the Zero Hour, the minister said the government respected Tagore and all others who had contributed to the freedom and literature of the country. Javadekar said for NCERT books, teachers and others have been asked to give suggestions to correct or remove ? he said. ? s statement, O? bureaucratise, centralise and commercialise education?
The KDA took it one step forward and said that even announcements cannot be made in Hindi. In order to bring to focus that the central government was unnecessarily imposing Hindi on none Hindi speaking states, the Karnataka Rakshana Vedike had also called for a meeting of political parties including the DMK, MNS and TDP, who felt that there was a reason to oppose the imposition of Hindi and that they would make it a national campaign. Campaigns such as # nammametrohindibeda has been made into a massive online and offline campaign. Also Read:
s northern parts. Gujarat, Modi? the Prime Minister tweeted. ? In the last 24 hours, some 50, 000 people have been shifted to safety in the two districts. said deputy chief Minister Nitin Patel.
s speech. Azad said. It is unfortunate that in his first address he chose to equate Mahatma Gandhi with Deen Dayal Upadhyay. wrong? ? He has to protect the Constitution and rise above and think beyond party politics, ? Kovind takes office?
s weather TV channel. The measure was initiated on Monday, and all 100 Vatican fountains will be turned off gradually over the coming days. he told Reuters TV. ? Burke said.
The RBI? 3 billion 1, 000- rupee bills withdrawn from November 8. ? The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) stopped printing 2, 000- rupee notes about five months ago, stepping up instead the production of smaller bills, including a new Rs 200, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. About 3. 22 trillion as on 14 July, eight months after demonetisation. That is also close to the 15. ?
a 0. Peaty added. I thought I was going to go slower [ in the semi- final] because I was a little bit less energetic. Peaty has the five fastest times in history over 50m breaststroke, a non- Olympic event, and admitted a sub- 26sec swim had not been on his radar, with his focus on what he calls Project 56 ? 73sec clear of the field. ? I didn? . And Sarah Vasey was eighth in the 100m breaststroke as the Olympic champion Lilly King of the United States won in 1: 04. I?
s management sacked over 60 workers without any prior notice. ( HT)  						A clash between security guards and workers continued outside the company gates for about half an hour, before the police took over. Gautam Budh Nagar? ? said Suniti, Superintendent of Police ( Rural) According to Manmohan Sharma, an official of World Trade Centre ( IT Park complex) , where the Vivo factory is situated, the company had asked its employees to leave after lunch as they did not have much work. said Sharma.
? According to the blueprint prepared last week, the airline also plans to introduce new and better cutlery for its premium passengers. said Air India spokesperson Dhananjay Kumar. . Air India?
s prime minister, Volodymyr Groysman. . If that? interesting? The coal conversation at this particular point in time is with [ secretary of commerce Wilbur Ross] and I full well suspect it will go forward, ? ? s best interest ?
s first lady, Sara Nazarbayeva. Over the years, Nicolas Cage? Sad Ben Affleck? smol satan ( @ spacebabyBlake) July 24, 2017Nicholas Cage looks like he is just heard 9 of the 10 activation words and is about to go full Winter Soldier. pic. https: / / t. co/ 0UvBMN0gE5? Hanna Flint ( @ HannaFlint) July 24, 2017Maybe its just a wax mannequin posing as the real # NicholasCage https: / / t. co/ o4VOw9LdyT?
Mithali ( Raj) has been performing amazingly for many years; she is an incredible ambassador for the game of cricket. s cricket team and skipper Mithali Raj for their excellent performance in ICC Women? ? After Women?
President inspecting Guard of Honour. pic. A section of BJP MPs shouted Jai Shri Ram after Ram Nath Kovind was sworn in as India' s 14th President in a ceremony in Parliament' s Central Hall today. Kovind' s rise also caps a series of top appointments backed by Modi - including naming hardline Yogi Adityanath as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh - that tighten the grip of the Hindu right on key public offices.
With new Metro lines coming up in the city, MMRDA said the single ticketing system would be a boon to travellers. The railway panel? ? said Prabhat Sahai, chairman and MD, MRVC. s implementation.
Prime Minister Modi said passage of Bills is the responsibility of the ruling establishment and if they were stalled because of poor attendance, then it was disappointing. Every session, the Prime Minister has been reprimanding party MPs for their poor show of attendance. But it all seems to have fallen on deaf ears. ALSO READS: Monsoon Session: Opposition united on five fronts against Narendra Modi govtMonsoon Session begins today: What to expect over 19 sittings of ParliamentALSO WATCH: Jai Shri Ram: How some BJP MPs greeted Ram Nath Kovind after his swearing- in
s nuclear weapons program and Iranian militarism. The White House has been opposed to a provision in the bill that requires congressional approval for any attempt by the president to lift the sanctions on Russia. s desk? s ties to Russia. . a witch hunt?
R VenkataramanR Venkataraman was elected to the post of President in 1987 and became the first President to have a foreign- born spouse. Later, K R Narayanan became the second President to have a foreign- born spouse. Pratibha PatilIn 2007, Pratibha Patil became the first woman to occupy the post of President. Usha Narayanan was born in Myanmar. ALSO READ: Jai Shri Ram slogans raised in Parliament after Ram Nath Kovind' s swearing in
45am. ? s list of 791 structures identified unsafe this year. Sanjay Pawar, from the nearby slums, said he dashed for the site after hearing a crashing sound that he initially thought came from a falling tree. she alleged. A dozen people, including two infants, were killed when a 35- year- old four- storey building collapsed on Tuesday in the Ghatkopar suburb of Mumbai, a tragedy that repeats almost every monsoon in India? With agency inputs
on land and off shore - ? Parrikar also assured the House that the amendment to the Prevention of Gambling Act would be made during next assembly session which will ensure that all the casinos in river Mandovi cease to exist after three years. " The sixth off shore casino can go somewhere else and can operate only if people of the area dont have a problem, " he said. We will delete the clause that allows casino on vessel.
# PresidentKovind at work pic. twitter. Thank you all for your goodwishes. # CitizenMukherjeepic. com/ IFq74umPjuHis new Twitter handle reminds what Mukherjee had said yesterday about returning from the Rashtrapati Bhavan as a citizen after spending five years as India' s first citizen. "
? Replying to another question, Ahir said in 2017 ( up to July 16) , 104 terrorists have been killed in Jammu and Kashmir as a result of coordinated action between the security agencies. he said. global terrorist?
? The issue was raised on the floor of the House by former chief minister Pratapsinh Rane ( Congress) , who said farmers found it unaffordable to maintain the old cows. s death. s Stray Cattle Management Scheme.
Kargil Vijay Diwas reminds us of Indiaâ? ? Honouring the Kargil martyrs today on 18th Vijay Diwas, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a series of tweets lauded the gallantry of Indian military and paid tribute to the valiant soldiers of 1999 war. " twitter. With inputs from agencies
Namadhu Dr MGR? false charges. AIADMK mouthpiece ? While shifting DIG ( Prisons) D Roopa, the government also transferred DGP ( Prisons) HN Sathyanarayana Rao after they sparred over a report on the charges in public. With the permission of jail superintendent, the class- 1 prisoners could also cook food for themselves inside the jail out of their money and may get help from other prisoners in this regard as well, the daily said. ?
Legendary Australian fast bowler Glenn Mcgrath, with whom Sachin Tendulkar had the fiercest of on field battles, is in Tendulkar' s home turf Mumbai for a two day fast bowling camp. So may be. .
The authorities promised that single- window clearance system will help in quicker approvals or rejections and there will be better coordination between the departments, which was absent last year, ? ? said Naresh Dahibhavkar, president, BSGSS. The nine- page circular of the BMC policy was issued to all 24 administrative wards by civic chief Ajoy Mehta, last year, after the HC order.
This is in keeping with India? RS Rao, the commander of the 42 Border Road Task Force under BRO? Moreover, the tunnels would ensure that NH 13 and especially the 171 km stretch between Bomdila and Tawang, remains accessible in all weather conditions, " a BRO release said here today. 37 km. The project constitutes widening of existing single lane road to NH double lane specifications from Baisaki and then taking off a greenfield alignment of length 12.
The system was set up in 2015. Residents of Khar, Santacruz and Bandra have been protesting since July 7 to demand that the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) solve complaints they have filed in the public grievance registration system over the past 18 months. Debbie Pereira, a resident of Rajan Shirley gaothan , said, ? ? The residents? added Siddique.
Following which, ' worried' doctors were advised to conduct special prayers to please the gods. Reports said that the pooja was conducted by doctors of the obstetrics department and had the nod of the seniors including the hospital superintendent. A probe has been ordered in this connection. The hospital on an average witnesses 2, 500 patients per day.
superman punch? The three men sat on a bench near a group of teenagers with bikes, including the defendant, who had been there for most of the day, Cottage said. . , Cottage said. Jó? For whatever reason, maybe even just immature bravado, the prosecution say [ he] took a deliberate decision to use unlawful violence when he went around the back of the group to punch Mr Jó? ? Fight me? No.
children of liberalisation? ? In an invitation issued on Monday evening, Doordarshan asked for entries from the public, seeking a new logo design to improve the look and feel of the network. They don?
Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar attended the Women? This has given Akshay an idea: how about Indian men and women cricketers coming together to form one team? ! ? I was watching a Wimbledon [ tennis] match on my phone recently and this idea just struck me, ? says Akshay. Trust me, they have arrived.
The 67- year- old actor is back on the small screen as part of the comedy show, The Drama Company, in which he is working with big television comedians such as Krushna Abhishek, Ali Asgar and Sugandha Mishra. The only advice I have for youngsters is that concentrate more on your talent than six pack abs, ? ? The actor adds, ? Follow @ htshowbiz for more
Please don? It represents my childhood. Bollywood actor Ayushmann Khurrana does not want the logo of broadcasting network Doordarshan changed as he has childhood memories attached to it. ?
? The New Hampshire lawsuit, brought by two lawmakers and an American Civil Liberties Union chapter, was put on hold pending the outcome of the Washington case. . s vice- chairman, Kris Kobach, called ? The commission requested this publicly available data as part of its fact- gathering process, which is information that states regularly release to political candidates, political parties and the general public, ? s request. Epic? At the panel?
s last days has been withdrawn after it was condemned by his widow, the publisher Penguin Random House has announced. His eldest grandson, Mandla Mandela, also criticised the book. . ? s [ Mandela? unconquerable fortitude?
pic. s ? The official James Bond Twitter handle revealed the news after months of negotiations and discussions with the star, who famously said that he would rather slash his wrists than return for another movie, while promoting 2015? ? . s deal with Eon Productions ( James Bond?
Later, Sardar Patel integrated our nation. There is no dichotomy there, no question of choice. We are also well into the second decade of the 21st century, a century that so many of us intuitively believe will be an Indian century, guided and shaped by India and its accomplishments. It is so telling of our nation and our society also. We have achieved a lot as a nation, but the effort to do more, to do better and to do faster should be relentless. Jai HindVande Mataram" Also Read: Ram Nath Kovind sworn in as India' s 14th President; accept role with humility, he saysAll you need to know about Ram Nath Kovind, 14th President of India15 initiatives President Pranab Mukherjee will always be remembered forRam Nath Kovind set to enter Rashtrapati Bhavan: All about 340- room Raisina Hill palaceBJP' s presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind: An ardent dog lover - That tribal and ordinary citizen striving to preserve our ecology, our forests, our wildlife, to push back climate change and to advance the cause of renewable energy, is a nation builder. - That committed and driven public servant who works beyond the call of duty, whether on a flooded road, directing traffic; or in a quiet room, poring over detailed files, is a nation builder. India' s voice counts in today' s world.
Maurya said. The director and chief executive officer ( healthcare) of Amrapali Group were arrested by tehsildar of Dadri on Monday afternoon from their corporate office in Sector 62 for not paying labour cess amounting to Rs 4. ? 29 crore from the Amrapali Group. If they do not pay the money even after 14 days, we cannot keep them behind bars as 15 days is the maximum time for custody. beating of drums?
So, you have to set expectations properly" , he told PTI. Hyderabad, Jul 25 ( PTI) As growth rate slows down, Indian IT companies need to learn to manage expectations of their employees, says a senior industry figure as he pitched for retraining of staff, in the era of rapid technology transition. 6 per cent in the previous fiscal. Now these are services where the work is actually quite repetitive and in the long run, these tasks are better done by machines because they are repetitive" , he said. For example, infrastructure management services, maintenance services where automation has had an impact.
New Delhi Human resource development minister Prakash Javdaekar on Monday told Parliament that guidelines and proposal for the 20 world class research and teaching institutions were ready and would soon get the go- ahead. ? Foreign professors as well as Indian professors will make these world class institutes really world class. We will be calling them the ? he said. minister added.
German carmaker BMW on Sunday rejected media reports that the emissions treatment systems in its vehicles do not work effectively and that it colluded with rivals on their design. Der Spiegel magazine reported on Friday that BMW, VW ( VOWG_ p. DE) , Audi and Porsche may have colluded to fix the prices and designs of diesel emissions treatment systems and other vehicle parts. " The European Commission said on Saturday that EU antitrust regulators were investigating the allegations and German politicians have called for transparency and punishment in the event of wrongdoing. Euro 6 is the latest emissions standard set by European regulators which came into force a few years ago.
India will host its first WTA tournament in five years when the city of Mumbai stages a USD 125, 000 event in November, giving home players an opportunity to compete with the world' s top- 50. Karman Kaur Tahndi ( 349) and national champion Riya Bhatia ( 519) follow Raina in the ladder. " Top players in the country at that time are likely to get those wild card entries. We have understood that proposal should be presented in a particular manner to get sponsorship, " Sutar, who will be Tournament Director for both WTA and ATP World event in January, said. Players ranked between 11 and 50 will compete and it is good for our girls to get that exposure, " Iyer said. MSLTA has lined up three more USD 25000 events which will be held in Pune and Navi Mumbai and one USD 15000 tournament in Solapur.
1984. s collection extends beyond 500 pieces. The Prime Minister also reciprocated the gesture, calling Mukherjee a mentor, adding: ? Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee seen in his office at Parliament House, with an assortment of smoking pipes at his table, on February 29. Photo)  						? ( KK? ( Sanjay Sharma / HT? No matter how hard one tries, they can never get a word out of Pranab.
Because she could not make perfectly round chapatis. It was on Sunday around 4 am that Simran' s brother found her lying unconscious in her flat and called the police. He later then strangled Simran to death.
A German man fed up with the stress of commuting on busy city roads now swims two km to work along the Isar river in Munich, Germany, the media reported. Benjamin David packs his laptop, suit and shoes into a waterproof bag, straps it to his back and swims, reports the BBC.
says Randeep, sounding deeply moved. The level of our Jawans has gone so high in the last few years that it is a testament to the citizens wanting to join the forces. . I would like to thank Mrs Ruchi Chauhan Khan for making this possible and the great entertainment provided by many, especially, @ KailashKher that the evening among the windy mountains was filled with laughter and song. overwhelming? t mean that their lives are meant to be like that. ? honoured to see preparations # VijayDivas # WarMemorial # Drass # Kargil must visit # JaiHind @ adgpi pic. he adds. s Drass sector.
It? There were reports that Karan was gearing up to be launched by Yash Raj Films but it could not happen when Aditya Chopra asked the young actor to sign a three- film deal, which Sunny objected to. But the fact is, only we were supposed to do it, ? ? s dialogues. It was a difficult task, but also it was a lot of fun and exciting. Shreyas said. I can?
s World Cup. s cricket team wicketkeeper Sushma Verma after the side? Shimla on? Hailing from Himri Panchayat in Shimla, Sushma played a match- winning knock against Pakistan during the group stages of the World Cup. ?
Ditching a lavish car, brand- new Indian President Ram Nath Kovind took the historic buggy ride from Rashtrapati Bhavan to Parliament for his the oath- taking ceremony today. Simple. So, what did they do to sort the dispute? After the partition, both India and Pakistan wanted the fancy buggy, and there was no longer a higher power to sort this quarrel. Of course, India did.
Bandra? He added that in the second phase, the education society plans to start online assessment of exam papers and make study material available online for all its 6, 000 school and college students. ? Our attempt to digitise almost all our academic functions right from admissions to the generation of results has been very fruitful. said AH Rizvi, president, Rizvi Education Society.
? said a police official. Imtiaz Ansari, the accused, called owners of the house he planned to break into, offering them carpentry services, and after finding out when nobody would be home, committed burglary, police said. Further probe is on.
Where was she when Junaid was thrown on a platform? Pathan questioned, referring to the lynchings of Mohammad Akhlaq and Junaid Khan both of whom were beaten to death in separate incidents by a mob that suspected them of possessing/ eating beef. These type of women love to dance with skimpy clothes. I am not asking to stop it ( azaan) , but ( that) the loud sounds be dealt with, " Krishnamoorthi said. Actor- singer Suchitra Krishnamoorthi, who finds herself in an eye of a storm over her tweet about the " aggressive/ ear shattering call of azaan" , defended herself saying she does not have a problem the call but just wants the " loud sound" to be dealt with. .
Be it biscuits or nut crackers, drug peddlers are lacing them with LSD and selling them at higher price. These biscuits were detected and seized only because the peddlers were carrying another drug as well, which was detected in the scanning machine, " an officer involved in the investigation said. Most of the drugs, especially LSD, coming from Germany to India are being coated on eatables, " they reportedly confessed. Not only this, but they have been advised to check biscuits or nut crackers if they are in small quantity. " The accused are P Revanth, Irfan Najeeb Khan and Zain Khan.
Four labourers were injured after a branch of tree collapsed over them at Dombivli station road on Monday morning. ? Last year fewer cases were reported. Read: 57- year- old yoga teacher dies in Mumbai after tree falls on her head
adding that ? said Marshall. The view was echoed by Michael Marshall, project director of the Good Thinking Society, an organisation that previously threatened the Department of Health with a judicial review if it failed to put complementary and alternative therapies on the blacklist for prescriptions. he said. science and technology committee having called for an end to their prescription on NHS, pointing out that such remedies are merely placebos. ? But Cristal Sumner, chief executive of the British Homeopathic Association said the NHS plans were ? ineffective, over- priced and low value? ability to pay?
terrorist? Three organisations in Yemen and six based in Libya were accused of ties to Al- Qaeda and a Syrian affiliate of the group in Tuesday? as ? s statement. s Iran- backed Huthi rebels.
? s action ? desperate, illegal and unconstitutional. At the time, opposition lawmakers were either evicted or walked out from a vote on ousting the speaker following a dispute over problems with the electronic voting system. Maumoon runs a rival faction within the Progressive Party of Maldives, which is led by the current president, his half- brother. The coalition?
2 per cent votes. WATCH LIVE Ram Nath Kovind, 71, is second Dalit President after KR Narayanan to walk into the 340- room Rashtrapati Bhavan. He will be sworn in as President of India shortly pic. com/ ThzEFb3WteHonoured to be sworn in as the 14th President of India; would be carrying out my responsibilities with all humility # PresidentKovindDelhi: President- elect # RamNathKovind on his way to Rashtrapati Bhawan. twitter.
Dayal Upadhyay. 1: 45 pm: Ex- president Pranab Mukherjee tweets congratulatory wishes to President Ram Nath Kovind from private Twitter handle. Ahead of the ceremony, the military secretary to the president had invited Kovind and his wife Savita to the Rashtrapati Bhavan, where former president Pranab Mukherjee was waiting for them in the study. 15pm and will be held in the Central Hall of Parliament. The election of Kovind - - a Dalit - - as President is expected to ? says President Kovind. s swearing- in ceremony. ? I come from a very simple background and the journey has been long: President says in his speech? JS?
I am human after all, " Aadar says. I didnt know what actually happens inside a prison. By Juhi Chakraborty New Delhi, Jul 24 ( PTI) Aadar Jains entry in Bollywood comes at a time when the nepotism debate has gained momentum but the newcomer says he would like people to not judge him before seeing his work. But the 23- year- old actor does not want to get into the debate of whether he is talented or not. " That fascinated me. " Qaidi Band" releases on August 25.
Popular actor Kajal Aggarwal? ? the SIT source said. Over the past couple of days big names from the industry such as director Puri Jangannadh and actor Navdeep have been grilled by the SIT team. Dr Sabharwal was quoted by Deccan Chronicle as saying.
voice identification? She is currently unemployed. Public prosecutor Arvind Sharma said that the convict tried to seek leniency from the court on account of his blindness. It is to be noted that since both the victim and the accused were blind, the court had relied upon ? ? he said.
s why among the six parking lots, one is located near DRDO office, ? In future, the agency is also planning to open all the parking lots, developed near the Metro stations as charging points for e- rickshaws. ? said a senior North MCD official. he said further.
An hour later, another woman constable alleged that the cop had stripped and masturbated in front of her. They threatened to inform their superiors if he did not apologise. The woman informed the police after which senior officials reached the spot. Later, he went to his terrace and stripped.
Yash Pal was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 1976 and the Padma Vibhushan, India' s second highest civilian honour, in 2013. He was there with TIFR will 1983. He started his career with the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research ( TIFR) as a member of the cosmic rays group. ALSO READ:
t right? Antonio Cassano has announced his decision to retire from football just a week after reversing his decision. For a 35- year- old man I need to be motivated and at this moment I feel that my priority is represented by being close to my children and my wife. Evidently, he can? ? s head isn? He?
After Kashmir, terror looms over Northeast. Agencies have also authenticated the video clips. For one Bangladesh, we will take seven states, " says Hamza. Hamza was designated global terrorist by US in 2012 and is wanted by India for the November 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai that claimed over 160 lives and left more than 300 injured. Citing example of China military standoff with India over Doklam plateau, Hamza is asking jihadis to break up Indian states. "
s Canal de l? The floating structure that has been put in place for the summer has allowed Parisians to legally swim in the canal at La Villette for the first time in decades. dream? . ? no swimming?
? Schaffhausen? Police believe the attack was directly targeted at the insurance company but could not comment further on a possible motive while the attacker remained on the run. s northernmost city. unkempt appearance? Major Ravi Landolt of the police told a news conference.
3. He took several initiatives in several spheres of life which would go a long way to inspire several generations to come. On the other hand, President Pranab Mukherjee' s immediate predecessor Pratibha Patil earned the reputation of being one of India' s most lenient heads of state. The Ashiana Annexe was inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on July 10, 2017. The programme gathered further momentum in the fifth year with ten innovation scholars, two writers and two artists staying at Rashtrapati Bhavan from March 4 and 18 this year. Under this initiative, five villages in the districts of Gurugram and Mewat in Haryana were selected to implement various programmes based on a convergence model with the support of the Centre, Haryana government, public and private sector organisations, NGOs and individuals. Over 77, 323 persons visited the Rashtrapati Bhavan and more than 30, 866 persons visited using the online booking system during the fifth year of the presidency. 4. IN- RESIDENCE PROGRAMMESPresident Pranab Mukherjee opened up the gates of the Rashtrapati Bhavan to the people in a big way. 75 lakh negatives have been scanned. Around 3.
s rubber stamp. s governor in 2015. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah selected Kovind for the job around the first week of June, but Kovind himself was unaware of his candidature till June 17, reports India Today. My election as President of India is to represent all such Kovinds toiling away to make a living, ? . Kovind? He too was sneered at by some Lutyens? ? An India Today report notes that when Kovind and his family lived at 144 North Avenue, New Delhi, they adopted six stray dogs. of the Cabinet.
The wages of the contractual staff are provided by the Noida authority, which are later disbursed by the hospital administration. The hospital? We have been performing our duties diligently and it is our right to get our pending salaries. said Kavita, a paramedical staff member. ? Dr Aggarwal added.
functional cure? elite controllers? The children in the trial were monitored for rebounding virus levels, and the experts stressed it is not a good idea for people to take themselves off ARV treatment. said Sharon Lewin, a professor of medicine at the University of Melbourne. The girl does not have ? ? to undetectible. Impressive?
Bhaag Charsi Bhaag? These memes are helpful in establishing a connect with young people and they also popularise our on- ground campaigns to counter drug addiction, ragging and cyber crimes, ? says Madhur Verma, DCP ( Crime) and PRO, Delhi Police. No one likes to be lectured. These memes are helpful in establishing a connect with young people and they also popularise our on- ground campaigns to counter drug addiction, ragging and cyber crimes, ? ?
Posters and hoardings have been put up at the station appealing passengers to be like Gandhi, Ambedkar and Bhagat Singh by keeping the country clean. Official sources said Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, touted as world' s biggest cleanliness programme, with nearly eight per cent of the total budget reserved for the behavioural- change component, but over last three years, the focus has been on building toilet infrastructure without the proper understanding of how people' s mindsets can be changed towards their usage. Seventy per cent of all diseases diagnosed are related to sanitation. 2 trillion dollar expenditure on public healthcare because of lack of awareness about sanitation.
? We could not let the 10- year- old undergo so much pain; so in that case we conducted elective C- section, wherein delivery was done even before the labour pain began, ? she added. The SC has been receiving petitions, including from rape victims, to terminate pregnancies beyond 20 weeks; and uit has referred these to medical experts before any orders. So far, no study on that has been done. s life. The next hearing is on Friday.
modifying? . It was mentioned in the advisory that in case of long traffic jams at toll collection centres and plazas, there should be a provision for separate lane for VVIPs. Additional Chief Secretary Sadakant issued letters to all district magistrates and divisional commissioners ? ?
57. s appointment last summer. Like Walker, Mendy is at his most effective going forward and City will hope the duo can add a surge of energy in wide areas that was lacking last season; Guardiola received some criticism for switching between four and three at the back and deploying his full- backs in unfamiliar roles tucked into midfield. Mendy said. ? We are all delighted to have him here at Manchester City. Txiki Begiristain, City?
Ranjit Jadhav told IANS. 1. The villagers are sour that their Olympic hero was not considered for any government honours, including the Padma awards, and was doing nothing to fulfil its commitment of setting up the academy. ? Jadhav declared. READ | ?
10pm on Friday. s husband produced in court, taken on police remand for a dayDeputy commissioner of police ( DCP) east, Deepak Saharan, said the incident is being probed from all angles. s office. ? As per the initial investigation, it seems like a suicide, ? he said.
05kg of cocaine till July this year while in 2016, only two cases were registered and 215 grams of the drug was seized. Similarly, NCB officials seized 14. Officials suspect an inside job behind it but the incident exposed deeprooted nexus of drug smugglers with airport staff and officials. Delhi is the most connected airport from foreign countries and as it is connected with several bordering states, it further makes it easy for local peddlers to transport drugs in other parts of the country, " a senior narcotics official said. There are also professional ' swallowers' or mules who are hired and paid handsomely for cocaine trafficking by swallowing small capsules or packets of drugs or hiding them inside their private parts, the officer said.
A one- year- old? The airline admitted its takings were falling as passengers looked to squeeze ever more into the cabin, although it made a healthy ? Ryanair? He said: ? . ? The vast majority of people play by the rules but some don?
Pranab Mukherjee is addressing the nation on his last day as the President. debate, discuss and dissent? . s onward march towards glory. Our universities should not be a place for rote- memorizing but an assembly of inquisitive minds. President of India ( @ RashtrapatiBhvn) July 24, 2017* ? * ? s narrative.
gov. In 2012, 271 files and items pertaining to the Khosla Commission and 759 items from the Justice Mukherjee Commission of inquiry from the home ministry were sent to the National Archives, he said. netajipaper. s disappearance. ?
Since the incident happened during peak office hours, several people were trapped inside their offices and later on rescued. No casualties were however reported. com/ wnHXBbX3tf ALSO WATCH: Delhi: Fire breaks out in Lok Nayak Bhawan office complex, 25 fire tenders rushed pic.
Sonu Nigam? . t mean you stop saying what you think is right. It? How dare a woman come home at 4. ? Suchitra ( @ suchitrak) July 23, 2017well the azaan seems to have gotten louder since his tweet. This sense of minority persecution has to go and a dialogue has to be initiated where things can work for the whole community, ? Its ridiculous. & yoga.
32 million cubic meters . 230. Thane residents will be saved from intense water cuts next summer, as  Barvi dam that provides water to most cities in the district has now filled up to 99% of its total capacity ? ? 04 mcm.
No one knew who Jammu and Kashmir police officer Mohammad Ayub Pandith was on the night he was stripped and lynched in Srinagar last month and his identity became clear only the next morning, the Valley? Khan said. s identity. Khan also ruled out any possibility of dereliction of duty by the police in the case and said apart from the darkness and the noise, no one knew of Pandith? he said. ?
After the demise of husband Maharaja Yadavindra Singh, she established the clout of the Patiala family even after titles and privy purses were abolished, at a time when other royal families struggled. She got married at the age of 16. Rajmata? A spokesperson said the funeral procession would start from the palace at 12. Punjab State IAS Officers? ? 45 pm.
5 crore. The deputy commissioners of four zones in South Delhi Municipal Corporation have been asked to prepare list of the other markets which receive heavy footfall and have scope for doing development works. ? said a SDMC official. s time. s PVR Shopping Complex.
s plan. ( NDMC)  						The last section would include the artwork of India? an NDMC official said. photo exhibition, documentary films, freedom movement and paintings and sculpture. ? The documentary film section would act like a mini- amphitheatre where citizens would be able to see some documentary films and news reels related to Delhi both from the pre and post independence era. he added. said the official.
2bn ( $ 2. Scarce rain and chronically leaky aqueducts have combined to put Romans at risk of drastic water rationing as soon as this week. Farmers? Last week, the governor of Lazio region, which includes the Italian capital, ordered that no more water be drawn from Lake Bracciano, which supplies some of the Italian capital, because the drastically decreasing water level posed danger to the aquatic life of the lake. s water? are notoriously leaky.
t behave like it. Microsoft? When Microsoft Paint will officially be removed from Windows has yet to be confirmed, while a precise date for the release of the Windows 10 Autumn Creators Update is equally up in the air. features that are removed or deprecated in Windows 10 Fall Creators Update? , Microsoft Paint?
# LahoreBlast footage. 2 died 19 injured. twitter. The attack which was targeted at policemen left eight of them dead including a sub- inspector, an assistant sub- inspector and 6 constables. The condition of several injures is stated to be critical. ( Additional inputs from agencies)
s a beautiful form of introduction, though it might be misinterpreted in a pub in Glasgow, ? ? The British foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, joked on his visit to New Zealand on Monday that a traditional M? 8 earthquake in November that killed two people. pic. flamboyant, blonde tousled- haired former mayor of London?
? 29 crore consisting of old Rs 500 and Rs 1, 000 notes were packed and kept in boxes with Tirumala Tirupati Devastanam, ? The petitioner said collections at temples in Chennai and Hyderabad are deposited in banks once a week, but it is done once in six months in the other places. s directive on July 4 to the government and RBI to come up with a policy to offer a window to people who could not deposit their old notes for legitimate reasons before the December deadline. In Jammu and Kashmir? s demonetisation decision.
frivolous? deficiency in service? . ? The commission, while dismissing the appeal filed by the SBI against the district forum order asking it to return the money, said that the bank ? false and frivolous appeal?
West Bengal is one of the two states in the country which has already introduced e- way bill. We have urged the state to keep the procedure on hold until it is rolled out by the Centre and across the states, " a CBEC official told PTI. However, the official said, CBEC cannot dictate the state government to withdraw it as it is state subject.
gérant de la route? s sublime pun, ? Some days will live in the memory: the moyenne montagne stage to Les Rousses won by Lilian Calmejane, Steve Cummings? Two stages can be seen as key episodes in the picaresque three- week soap opera: the Düsseldorf time trial, because of the time gained by Froome, and the message it sent about the probable outcome in Marseille three weeks later, and Chambéry, with the crash that eliminated Richie Porte ? by hiding from a 15- minute discussion with the people whose job it is to present his personality to the world, he can hardly complain if his personality is not understood or appreciated for what it is. s chosen approach. That? ? marginal gain? said Orica- Scott?
? the newspaper quoted a source as saying. A relative of the 27- year- old drove his body to a graveyard near the family home in East London recently where he was buried without any rites or mourners, the Sunday Mirror reported. Butt?
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt? That? ? s description: ? For some reason people in power, they end up suffocating different opinions and dominating their staff, but they in some ways long for someone who will speak up to them, and a pet will, ? said Doug Wead, a former George HW Bush administration staffer who wrote books on presidential children and the 2016 campaign. While there have been notable pets in the White House for generations, Millie was the first modern White House dog, said Pickens. s book about family dog Buddy and cat Socks. Dear Socks, Dear Buddy: Kids? Barney Cam?
? The accused has been booked under sections 354 ( assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of IPC and 66 ( A) of the IT Act, one of the reports said. As she complained about the matter to the police, he did not upload the photos at the time, ? The actor? said Ernakulam assistant commissioner K Laljy.
Amid all the controversy over how much say the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) , informally called Censor Board, should have in the final version of a film, veteran actor Shabana Azmi says that the whole system needs a revamp. It? ? ve been saying for a long time now that we should follow the American system, where you have a board of people from within the film industry and they decide. s art, ? she says. . I don?
a heartbreaking accident? s veterinarian of more than 20 years and the Florida fish and wildlife conservation commission. s death, although he said the opening of the hatch remained a mystery as it was designed not to let manatees in the tank push through it. Rodgers said. . ? devastated? He added that staff had helped adult visitors break the news to their children ? The emotional outpouring today?
The 39- year- old man works as a waiter in a south Mumbai hotel and is a native of Raigad. Minutes later, a man overtook her and flashed her. After being produced in the magistrate court, the accused pleaded not guilty and said he was only fixing the zip of his trousers which had come undone. A first information report ( FIR) ?
Rakesh Kumar Mishra, an additional chief executive officer of the Noida authority, said. The Noida authority has decided to names all lanes in villages for easy identification of different pockets in each village. The authority in January 2016 had started a drive to name lanes of Bishanpura and provide adequate facilities but if fizzled out. ? Villagers have been demanding a unique address ( land title) for many years as it will give their properties a legal status and enable them to get loans, on a par with flat or plot owners. said Mishra.
It has returned to Chennai. in, the Chennai Police Commissioner opined that " Tamil Nadu ( TN) Police have no territorial jurisdiction to investigate the case, therefore, the case is to be transferred from CCD department, Chennai to Mumbai Police, without any further delay" . Murali further added, " We will be now referring it to the state government. In a confidential letter, accessed by Indiatoday. In early July 2017, A K Vishwanathan, Commissioner of Police, Chennai had opined the proposal for transferring Lalit Modi' s case to Mumbai Police or to the CBI, considering the nature, gravity and inter/ intra state ramification and the parallel investigation conducted by the ED.
The scheme of providing free power connection to the BPL card holders has been launched at 624 places across the state, " he said. The scheme would also provide relief to the middle class people as the instalment payment facility would be admissible for them, " the minister said. The Yogi government is working for the common man and the poor, " he claimed.
The court agreed with the prosecution that if he was released he would influence some of the witnesses. The Kerala high court on Monday rejected the bail plea of Malayalam superstar Dileep, who was arrested two weeks ago in connection with the attack and sexual assault on a popular woman actor. s behest. teach her a lesson? Follow @ htshowbiz for more.
What can you say? Rishi Kapoor lashed out at director Anurag Basu after the lukewarm response to son Ranbir Kapoor? Today? You may be thinking you are making the Taj Mahal, but you are supposed to make it ready on time. t ready. But, a kids? According to a Forbes report, the film recorded one of the worst Friday- to- Friday drops of all time, plummeting 85% on its second Friday. ? Ranbir hasn?
s World Cup final, in which he was seen waving the national flag. ? Akshay Kumar ( @ akshaykumar) July 24, 2017The picture in question could no longer be seen on his timeline, but screenshots were doing the rounds online. Didn? Hrithik Roshan?
Maharashtra? The doctors, after an initial check- up, informed the family that Mahajan is brain- dead and asked if they would like to opt for cadaver donation. said Dr TP Lahane, dean, JJ Hospital. ? Dr Lahane added.
s licence. To be eligible, students will need to be above 18 and score at least 6 out of 10 marks in an online test that will be administered by the institutions. licences. Gahlot said. ? s polytechnic colleges.
G Scheme? mini projects? sandwich pattern? I Scheme? said Mohitkar. ? With the demand for diploma engineering courses dwindling in the past few years, the Maharashtra State Board of Technical Education ( MSBTE) has decided to make the curriculum more suited to industry needs. he said.
rasta roko? on August 14. This agitation will be held across the state with full vigour, ? ? Raju Shetti, farmers? Farmers?
It? ? I have always emphasised on not making the female comedian eye- candy for the show, ? says Sugandha. I don? she says.
? Pastoralism ? The sheep, which belonged to a farmer in Couflens, south- west France, are thought to have taken fright when the bear appeared in the area last Sunday. federation. which protects biodiversity and keeps the mountains alive ?
While civil work is being funded by the MMRDA, financing for the rolling stock, signaling systems etc is possible only through the loan. ? Metro 2A ( Dahisar to DN Nagar) , Metro 2B ( DN Nagar- Bandra- Mankhurd) , Metro 4 ( Wadala Ghatkopar Mulund Kasaravadavali) and Metro 7 covering ( Dahisar East- Andheri East) . said a senior state government official. Grant Road? ReadMumbai metro- 3: Shiv Sena rejects BJP?
I won? s Hero Honda Chowk flyover to offer two- way traffic movementThe 1. The flyover project had been proposed to take the load of vehicles on the stretch and facilitate a smooth flow of local and long- distance traffic. Rambir Singh, a resident of Narsinghpur, said, ? ? Read I Rain plan: Gurgaon?
Acting with lightening speed - peculiar to the Men in Blue and their flying machines, an Indian Air Force Chetak helicopter took flight within minutes of the IAF receiving a request for immediate evacuation of two pregnant women in critical condition, ' about to deliver' . The mother, with her new born twins and an attendant were instantaneously put into the aircraft and flown out to safety with due care. It is learnt that due to excessive flooding and damage to the access road, the village Nana Matra had become inaccessible for vehicles necessitating timely aerial evacuation by IAF to save previous lives. ALSO READ: IAF turns 83: PM Modi salutes Air Force' s courage, determinationIndian Air Force plans to add muscle to SukhoisSukhoi- 30 crash: Pilots onboard IAF aircraft confirmed dead, were unable to eject on timeALSO WATCH: Road rage shocker: IAF officer thrashed and robbed by 3 men in Delhi, video goes viral
This claim was made by Karnataka' s Deputy Inspector of General Prisons D Roopa who has now been transferred. Sasikala has been lodged at the Parappana Agrahara central jail in Bengaluru since her conviction in February in a disproportionate assets case along with her two relatives, VN Sudhakaran and Elavarasi, all serving a four- year jail term. D Roopa, in her report, also suggested that Sasikala paid Rs 2 crore was paid to avail facilities like five rooms, cot, bed, television and a separate kitchen inside the prison.
Cairn India produces about 1. s largest onshore block. Gautam Singh paid Rs 7. Based on the statement of the accused, police said that theft of 15000- 20, 000 litres of crude oil worth Rs 3 lakh was taking place daily. The role of some top officials of the oil and gas giant was being investigated, police said, adding that more arrests are likely soon. ?
? s proposal to provide free Wi- Fi to central universities, which has been in the pipeline for quite some time, is also likely to take off this year. fair chance? . On the list for free wi- fiDelhi UniversityBanaras Hindu UniversityAligarh Muslim UniversityJamia Milia Islamia UniversityCentral University, Himachal PradeshCentral University, South BiharCentral University, JammuLast month, a proposal was received by the ministry in which Reliance Jio expressed a desire to connect close to 38, 000 colleges ( technical and non- technical) under the HRD ministry across India by deploying free Wi- Fi connectivity.
anti- national? Even though the event, a part of the Vidya Veerta Abhiyan initiative of the Ministry of HRD, was to be joined by JNU students, there were only a handful of them. Major General ( retd) GD Bakshi termed JNU as a ? . historic? ? Today we made sure to send a message across to those who do not get what nationalism is by hoisting the Indian flag here. When we do not have a problem with them holding events, they why stop us? he said.
The first question was: ' What had been your gains from Emergency? ' . In his last speech as the President of India, Mukherjee said that Gandhi was a towering personality. " She had the courage to call a spade a spade, " Mukherjee said as he related an interesting incident that happened in London after the Congress' defeat post Emergency. " ALSO READ:
Stubbs increasingly stayed at home this year instead of going to the store, where he was frequently passed from hand to hand by people taking photos with him, the statement said. ? the family said. Where? s the mayor?
s World Cup final. s haul of 6/ 46. ( AFP)  						? England, beaten by India in their opening pool match, also made plenty of mistakes in the error- strewn closing overs on the way to winning a fourth World Cup title and third in as many editions on home soil. s. Raj? said Raj. England? s a World Cup final, we knew if we held our nerve we would be in with a chance but it did feel like it was slipping away at 190 for three. ? s a funny game, and pressure?
An 18- month- old girl was killed while crossing the road with her mother after a car knocked her down in Santacruz ( West) on Saturday. His employer? He was not driving under the influence of alcohol. of the Indian Penal Code.
The Ministry of Civil Aviation has issued an order withdrawing the special VIP privileges accorded to RJD chief Lalu Yadav and his wife, former Chief Minister of Bihar, Rabri Yadav at Patna airport. This latest development could open a fresh round of animosity between the BJP and the Mahagatbandhan, especially after the recent financial investigations against Lalu Yadav and members of his family. ALSO READ:
Saturday arrested two Indian- origin women from Singapore and Malaysia at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport ( CSIA) for trying to smuggle gold worth Rs1. 9kg of methaqualone. 1. The smuggling bid came to light when one of the passengers told officials that she came from Singapore to India for shopping. ? said the officer. on? We didn?
s Tien Minh Nguyen, while Kashyap overcame Korean Kwang Hee Heo in the semi- finals. The 25- year old Prannoy showed great determination to clinch his third Grand Prix Gold and maiden US Open title as he defeated Kashyap 21- 15, 20- 22, 21- 12 in a hard- fought encounter. READ? | ?
Her family then allegedly thrashed him and forced him to eat excreta. " According to the youth Kallu Dhakad, the girl allegedly called him to the fields on July 16. 0 avatar
China has opened a modern cinema theatre on Yongxing Island in the disputed South China Sea as part of its plan to establish authority over the area, the state media reported today. In April last year, Sansha opened its first public library. Also, a total of 12 Chinese- developed underwater gliders are carrying out scientific observations in the SCS from the research vessel " Kexue" and sending back real- time data. Sansha municipality was set up in 2012.
particularly close? ? The Times has become a favorite Trump target despite his penchant for reaching out to the daily, including this week, when he gave its reporters a major interview in which he criticized his own Attorney General Jeff Sessions. s capture. US? We are going after him, but we assume he is alive, ? illegal leaks. .
The data was collected by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights for analysing the situation of child marriages in India based on Census 2011. Some 17 districts of Maharashtra, including Latur, Mumbai and Pune have reported high instances of child marriage. The situation remains grim in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka which also witnessed a spike in child marriage in the last three years.
pan masala ? The ban on sale of flavoured areca nut ? ? The letter by the FDA states that a single- member committee will be formed to look into the ban on areca nut and till their decision is known, its sale will be permitted. t continued, ? he added.
? Free WiFi access at suburban railway stations in the city has become a headache for railway authorities, with non- commuters and miscreants using the facility to watch porn during the night. said Parihar. said Aarti Singh Parihar, Senior Division Commercial Manager, Western Railway. said a railway official.
NDMC ? ? NDMC chairperson Naresh Kumar, who took part in the plantation drive at Ravinder Nagar colony near Khan Market, said it was a simple but positive step taken by RWAs to arrest the deterioration of ecological balance not only in the capital city but the whole world. Kumar said. It is the need of hour. s 16.
s festivals. s festivals don? said Dahibhavkar. decision comes a day after HT reported the state asked the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change to remove the concept of silence zones from the Noise Pollution ( Control and Regulation) Rules, 2000, ahead of this year? BSGSS? ? 4 dB.
? I don? Residents of Mahugan Moderne housing complex who had decided not to allow the domestic helps who had stormed the society and taken part in the protest on July 12, have gone back on their decision due to dependence on helps. said Sethi. It? s house.
s Aloo gang. ? the PRO said. On Thursday, the crime team of Sohna police was patrolling the area near Bhondsi during a night- domination exercise when they received information that a member of the Aloo gang was somewhere between Bhondsi and Sohna, the police said. Kumar said.
Bhagat told Hindustan Times. Hindustan Times had on July 6 highlighted that more than 1, 700 trees may be felled to make way for a integrated exhibition- cum- convention centre at Pragati Maidan, according to the reply of an RTI query. ? the petition reads. Over the last 3 years , Delhi has already lost 15, 000 trees to development and we cannot afford to lose any more, ? . On paper it is there but doesn?
s washroom in northwest Delhi? s Mukherjee Nagar on Thursday. The man said after she complained of stomach ache, he gave her abortion pills, which could have created complications, the police said. The school administration informed the girl? ?
Mr. Molt? ( HT PHOTO)  						Dr Madhumita Kale, the veterinarian in charge of the penguins, said Mr. Molt got his name because he was molting ( shedding his skin, which regenerates on its own every year) when he was brought to the zoo. The oldest penguin, Flipper, is the most dominant and is very protective of her family, said caretakers. While activists have been repeatedly telling Mumbai pet owners not to put clothes on dogs as it raises their body temperature, here we have specialists from the civic body torturing penguins like this, ? ? said Dr Sanjay Tripathi, Byculla Zoo director. Play time?
30pm at Moracha Pada, near the helipad at Aarey. ? As the elders walked ahead, Vihaan was grabbed by the leopard and taken away within seconds, ? said Sameer Inamdar, round forest officer, Mumbai forest range. s body, ? Inamdar said.
Nath was a yoga teacher and also an ex- anchor with Doordarshan. The woman identified as Kanchan Nath, was out for a morning walk when the incident took place. The incident took place very early morning, if it was little an hour late so many school children use that road, they could have come under it. " A case should be registered for murder charges against the officials.
By K J M Varma Beijing, Jul 23 ( PTI) A total of 3, 918 illegal websites were shut down by Chinas Internet watchdogs from April to June this year, official media reported today. The websites included those that published content that jeopardised national security, and those that spread violence, vulgarity or ungrounded rumours, according to the statement by the Cyberspace Administration of China ( CAC) issued last night.
s state policy. he added. ? Addressing Kargil Parakram Parade in New Delhi, Naidu said terrorism is the enemy of humanity, it has no religion and it has unfortunately become Pakistan? We never want war. inch?
the education and equalities secretary said. Blood donation restrictions for gay men and sex workers are to be relaxed in England and Scotland under a series of equalities reforms announced by the government. ? Reforms making it easier for transgender people to chose their sex legally, by removing the need for a medical diagnosis of gender dysphoria and speeding up the bureaucratic process, will go out to consultation in the autumn. Ethan Spibey, founder of FreedomToDonate, which campaigns against blood donation restrictions for gay and bisexual men, said: ? Today? s what we?
s Devi Ahilya Bai Holker vegetable mandi. 70, 000 stolen in MumbaiTo keep the tomatoes safe, the businessmen asked for security arrangements from the mandi administration, which appointed half a dozen armed guards. s concerns, ? ? Mandi inspector Ramesh Sawadiya said, ?
said Taapsee. I don? ? Taapsee Pannu, who will be seen alongside superstar Salman Khan in a song in Judwaa 2, says it is important to work with top actors as they have higher market value. she said. I am in Bollywood diva zone. she added.
s regional connectivity scheme. For the Jalgaon, Solapur and Kolhapur airports, the state has tied up with Air Deccan, which won the bid the Union Ministry of Civil Aviation floated to operate services from these airports. ? READ: Mumbai? Singh said.
After collecting the cash from a customer of the company in Swarn Nagri, he was on way to Pari Chowk when he was robbed by the trio. The police arrested three persons after a shoot- out with a gang of five alleged criminals in Sigma- 1 area of Greater Noida on Saturday morning. s bike. ? Jitendra Kumar, station house officer, Kasna police station, said.
The draft policy also recommends promoting women drivers for school buses, a move that is not only likely to generate employment opportunities for women but also expected to curb sexual crimes against school students. It also seeks to encourage working women and proposes pay parity, tax exemption for women- only organisations, mandatory daycare centres in corporates and commercial zones as well as housing complexes. The draft National Policy for Women, 2017, approved recently by a group of ministers has been sent to the Cabinet, according to a ministry spokesperson. The last policy came in 2001.
of paramount consideration? not discourage adventure sports? The PIL said the government was yet to constitute the mandatory supervisory committees at the divisional and district levels across the state, as it had failed to identify a ? was not being implemented effectively. impractical? .
The railway ministry in a series of tweets said on? Sunday these water vending machines ( WVMs) will provide clean drinking water at low cost, and that the initiative will help in generating employment for around 2, 000 people. The WVMs are operated round- the- clock either manually or via automatic mode. While a glass of half a litre water will cost Rs 3, a litre will be available Rs 5, two litres for Rs 8 and a can for Rs 20.
( President? self- correction? In addition to disruptions, the President spoke out about Ordinances in particular, calling it a tool that ? ? Mukherjee said. . Ansari said ? calming presence? Jai Hind?
The government paid Rs1crore a hectare in the Mumbai- Goa highway road widening project and Rs52 lakh to Rs5. The proposed West Coast Refinery and Petrochemical project seems to have run into trouble, as farmers in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg have asked the state government to hike the land acquisition rate to Rs1crore a hectare ? ? livelihood. said Pramod Jathar former BJP MLA from Kankavali.
Although she laughed off the rumours, the actress was particularly upset by the reference to her deceased father. " Hahahaha. Irate users started tagging her and Bella wrote, " Hahahahaha wait you guys think this is real? " ? You' re right.
Krushna Abhishek doesn? Let? ? The actor says that standup comedy was never his thing in the first place, so he has no reasons to be insecure. We thought why not bring theatre to television, ? s Abhishek? he shares.
When Shahid Kapoor and Vishal Bharadwaj announced their third collaboration after Kaminey and Haider, the expectations were sky- high. . I am happy my part was appreciated but I am sad for the film not doing well, " he said. Shahid added that the failure of the film was not on him. "
( Hindustan Times)  						Here? ? . After that a few Bollywood celebrities have extended their support to Nawazuddin and said that not only the film industry, but racism happens all over India. Thank you for making me realise that I cannot be paired along with the fair and handsome because I am dark and not good looking, but I never focus on that, ? fair? t escape it.
The ongoing protest by DMRC' s non- executive employees was called off today after all the issues raised by the agitating employees were amicably settled following many rounds of meetings and deliberations with DMRC' s Managing Director Dr Mangu Singh and other senior officials, " said Anuj Dayal, spokesperson, Delhi Metro. added Dayal. As many as 9, 000 non- executive employees of the Delhi Metro were sticking to their call to stop services from Monday, after talks with the corporation' s management had failed on Saturday night. The Delhi Metro services will hence continue as per schedule tomorrow. "
said musician Wuilly Arteaga. ( Video) Ni PERDIGONES NI METRAS nos detendrán de seguir luchando hasta lograr la INDEPENDENCIA DE VENEZUELA. On Saturday, National Guard forces could be seen firing tear gas canisters horizontally at demonstrators in contravention of international norms, witnesses said. s independence, ? All of us united are going to tell the right wing ? Venezuela? But the government is showing no sign of backing down, announcing that it will put 232, 000 soldiers on the streets to ensure the Constituent Assembly goes ahead. ? zero hour?
said the CAG report. The CAG has collected data on number of blankets in use and those washed during the review ( 2012- 2013 to 2015- 2016) period in 33 selected depots of coaches. In Western Railway, new linen was stored in a manner that they were exposed to dirt in storage depots in Mahalakshmi and Sabarmati. ? it recommended. adequate storage space? the audit said.
The role of ( around) 26 chartered accountants with respect to their alleged links with shell companies are being looked into by the institute, " ICAI President Nilesh Shivji Vikamsey told PTI. The ICAI can initiate stringent disciplinary proceedings against members violating norms. As the government continues its clamp down on shell companies in efforts to deal with the black money menace, many entities have come under the lens of various agencies, including the Serious Fraud Investigation Office ( SFIO) . Shell companies are dubious entities that are generally used for laundering illegal funds.
New Delhi, Jul 23 ( PTI) The proposed anti- profiteering authority under the new GST regime will take up for scrutiny only those cases that have mass impact and those where undue profit of more than Rs 1 crore has been earned, a senior government official said. Other cases will be referred to the Directorate General of Safeguards who will finish investigation within 3 months and send the findings to the anti- profiteering authority, which will pass an order in another 3- months time. " ADG Safeguards will act as Secretary to the National Anti- Profiteering Authority and will coordinate between the authority and the DG Safeguards office, the official added. Das was ADG in the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence ( DGCEI) . A five member committee, headed by Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha, comprising Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia, CBEC Chairman Vanaja Sarna and chief secretaries from two states, will soon finalise the Chairman and members of the authority.
completely unsuitable? The new collective action regime was introduced by the Consumer Rights Act to overcome the difficulty for consumers seeking to recover losses from competition law infringements, ? opt- out? ? perfect exam question? s CAT, nominated in 2015 to oversees the country?
A huge pay gap between CEOs and other employees at Indian companies has come to the fore, with the biggest listed blue- chip firms doling out to their top executives salary packages of up to 1, 200- times of their median employee remunerations. Among other major Sensex firms, TCS saw the ratio between top- paid executive pay and the median employee remuneration rise to 515 times ( from 460 times in previous year) , while the same for Lupin stood at 1, 263- times ( though down from 1, 317 times) for Chairman. Deveshwars total package rose by 58 per cent to Rs 21. 16 crore, including all the benefits. At HDFC Ltd, the ratio for the CEO Keki Mistry rose from 88 times to 92 times, while the same for Chairman Deepak Parekh was much less at 17 times. ALSO READ:
present Prime Minister wants? , veteran Congress leader M Veerappa Moily said on Sunday. Bhandarkar has been given a security cover by the Maharashtra government in the wake of several protests against the film. ? There is no exit door for Congress but there is always for BJP, ?
? s life. To show Sanjay Dutt as a human being, as a biopic only works when you show the human side of a person, and not the glories but the downfall as well ( was not easy) . He hasn? The film also features Manisha Koirala as late Nargis Dutt, Paresh Rawal as Sunil Dutt and Dia Mirza as Dutt? I don? s present wife Manyata.
serial- kisser? When you evolve as an actor and try to explore new and varied avenues, the tag becomes sort of a deterrent for you. I think I have reached it now, and need to find new kind of roles, ? ? says the actor. Emraan is all praise for the 36- year old actor.
MS Dhoni' s young squad was up against the hosts England in the final and put to bat first, India managed to put a 129 runs on the board in 20 overs with Virat Kohli being their highest scorer with 43 runs. 2013 CHAMPIONS TROPHYIndia were on a rampage in the 2013 Champions Trophy in England. India women have reached the final of the World Cup for the second time - - the first being in 2005 where they were overhwhelmed by Australia by 98 runs. Bowling to England, India picked up wickets at regular intervals as Dhoni' s sharp bowling rotations enabled Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja and Ishant Sharma to pick two wickets each. pic. Cricket is a game where superstition is involved and I am definitely superstitious about a few words so I will not say those words but I will definitely share my experience and what I think is important, " Dhoni said in a video.
s World Cup. The chief minister conveyed this to Harmanpreet? Wishing the best to Harmanpreet for the final match between India and England, the chief minister hoped that she would continue to make the country proud with her continuing brilliance. s cricket.
Javadekar was replying to a question about the West Bengal Education minister recently complaining that this year the students appearing for all medical entrance examination in vernacular languages had faced tougher questions than the ones set in English and Hindi. he said. ? will just be translation of the question paper in English, ?
undisclosed income? The finance ministry, which recently refused the demand to give more grace period for depositing the scrapped Rs 500 and Rs 1, 000 notes, said the ministry of home affairs in its July 11 communication has reported that as per intelligence agencies, there were reports of largescale misuse of the window for exchange of the demonetised currency notes. . ? it said. 1 kg and 234.
The accident happened near Udaipur' s Govardhan Vilas police station in Nela Gao. Nine pilgrims were killed, and 22 people were injured in a bus accident in Udaipur, Rajasthan. Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed grief over the loss of lives. " PM @ narendramodi wished a speedy recovery to those injured in the accident in Udaipur, " it added.
( The) Indian government is doing everything it can for them to bring them back. On Badush jail, I cannot say anything about it. Just days ago, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said the Indian citizens, who have been missing since 2014, might be alive in a prison in Badush, located west of Mosul. MEA is to answer that, " Sampla said.
Jhulan Goswami will be taking part in her second Women' s Cricket World Cup final. https: / / t. co/ JJJgzJFO8h pic. | ? said Mithali Raj. m so happy that the girls have given us an opportunity again to be part of the World Cup final. READ? ? Celebrate Harmanpreet Kaur, don?
India Today is in possession of the mark sheets of many students who had applied for scrutiny of their papers at the BSS college in Begusarai which was the one of the examination centre. One of the students who scored zero in Sanskrit has now scores 40 after scrutiny. ALSO READ: Toppers scam effect: 64 per cent students fail in class 12 Bihar board examsBihar Board Class 10 results declared, physical verification of toppers done to avoid goof- ups I demand a detailed investigation into this mess in the Bihar Board.
Haryana- based Shweta Mehta was on Saturday announced the winner of popular stunt based reality show MTV Roadies Rising. @ NehaDhupia pic. ? twitter. am wanted a girl to win this season and I feel proud that I didn?
taweez? said the advisory, which includes information on how people can get accustomed to local customs and laws that are often punishable with jail time if flouted. The government has advised Indian workers heading to Saudi Arabia to carry a mobile phone ? ? said an Indian official. preferably an inexpensive smart phone.
Kailash, Himalaya aur Tibet Cheen ki asuri shakti se mukt ho" ( Kailash, Himalaya and Tibet be delivered from the demonic clutches of China) . China has adopted a fundamentally imperialist and expansionist character. While the Sangh has advocated a policy of economic assault on Beijing by encouraging Indians to shun the use of Chinese goods and materials in daily lives, even in the process of praying, it has come up with a mantra to be chanted five times before prayers, be it a Hindu household' s daily offerings to God or a Muslim' s namaz. CHINA A DANGER? " Doklam was saved from their clutches only as Indian and Bhutanese soldiers pre- empted Chinese design, " he added. The diplomacy of India and the tough stand it has taken have baffled and disturbed China which is evident in the chiding remarks that they are giving in the media.
While the police registered a complaint under Sections 302, 376 of IPC and section 4 of POCSO Act, another complaint was filed under Section 302 at Police Station, Kotkhai of Shimla district in connection with the custodial death of one of the accused arrested by police following investigation. " Her body was found from the nearby forest area on the next day. One of the six accused died under mysterious circumstances in police custody few days after the arrest. ALSO READ: Shimla rape outrage: How Himachal, other states fare in crime against womenShimla rape case: Accused killed in custody
President elect Ram Nath Kovind' s maiden visit after he takes over the coveted post on July 25 is likely to be the high altitude Army positions in Jammu and Kashmir' s Ladakh. Former Bihar Governor Kovind won the presidential election with a comfortable margin against Opposition nominee Meira Kumar. After final round of counting, Kovind got 2, 930 votes with a value of 702, 044 out of a total of 10, 69, 358.
unfit for human consumption? Around 100 unsold parathas were found in the base kitchen of the North Central Railways for reuse and recycling, while uncovered food items were found on the floor at the Chapra station in Bihar5. 3. 4.
. Senior BJD leader Bhartruhari Mahtab recalled one such instance in 2012 presidential poll in which he was the counting agent for PA Sangma. s name. Both the NDA and the opposition camps are anxious to know how many of the 77 invalid votes were a result of inadvertent errors and how many were by design. nominee. he told HT. ? said Hooda.
truly sorry? deep concern? incentivising inappropriate use? Tesco now charges £ 13. Boots had said on Thursday it would not lower the cost of the morning- after pill despite a campaign from the British Pregnancy Advisory Service ( BPAS) , a leading provider of abortion care, with its chief pharmacist, Marc Donovan, stating that the company did not want to be accused of ? s Equality party, which had joined forces with BPAS to call for a boycott using the hashtag # justsaynon, said that the morning- after pill can be difficult to access for free on the NHS, with appointments at GP surgeries or family planning clinics hard to obtain at short notice. https: / / t. co/ DAvDiN1hAqAnnouncing the retailer? twitter. I would hope that they would be true to their tradition of doing the right thing, and doing the right thing is not giving in to pressure from the noisiest quarters. ? .
The police said in 2015, one of the complainants, Sandeep Mane, a Sion resident, met the accused through a common friend. ? The accused had even lied to his family members and close friends that he was a high- level BMC officer. said an officer. Later, Ghage began ignoring Mane? The officer said, ?
The party? ? On suggestions that the creamy layer among SCs/ STs should be excluded from reservation benefits, the BJP supremo said a decision can only be taken after discussion with all parties in Parliament. he said at a press conference here. he said.
New Delhi, Jul 21 ( PTI) A 22- year- old man has been arrested for allegedly kidnapping two children in order to pressure their mother into marrying him, the police said today. The incident was reported from northeast Delhis Jafrabad area.
But we kept our head high and worked together for a fortnight, ? ? READ? Meanwhile, veteran Paes and his partner Sam Groth made a semifinal exit from the ATP 250 Hall of Fame Open in Newport ( USA) , following a 6- 4 6- 7( 6) 9- 11 defeat to Pakistan? | ? s Rajeev Ram.
45 pm on Thursday. A 32- year- old driver has been arrested for allegedly masturbating in front of a foreign woman while she was taking her dog out for a walk in the posh Greater Kailash neighbourhood on Thursday afternoon. ? When the 33- year- old German national confronted the man, he tried to escape in his car. said the DCP. s original owner. Tarun Kumar, his driver.
? Delhi? The second plan had proposed that cars will be allowed in the middle circle but only to drop visitors and shoppers, making it a no- parking zone. We can? New Delhi Traders? We will go all out to stop it. The car- free plan, given a go- ahead by the Union urban development ministry after extensive talks with NDMC and traffic police in early January, aims to decongest the heritage shopping arcade which gets around 5 lakh visitors a day.
These robbers relied on people? s occupants were relaxed, they would seize the opportunity to enter the vehicle and abduct them at gunpoint, said Ram Gopal Naik, DCP ( crime) . s documents. On Wednesday, one of them tipped off the investigators about some of these robbers visited Siraspur in north Delhi to sell off some of the robbed jewellery. Once they would choose a vehicle as their target, they would chase and intercept it.
s Office. The IFS? Raveesh Kumar, a 1995- batch IFS officer who is currently posted in Frankfurt as Consul General of India, is understood to be the next spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs.
Or an acronym. said Goenka. Speaking after the media conference where Goenka said this, a team official said it is premature to say that henceforth ATK would stand for something apart from what was coined three years ago after the La Liga giants came on board with a 25% stake in the ownership. ? And I hope we can fulfil expectation fans have from us. We? he said.
It is a shared struggle. Transgender is not an anomaly. The Committee felt that the proposed definition of ' transgender person' in the bill is in stark contrast to global developments, where transgender persons have been granted the right to self determine and to seek benefits according to such identity. A combination of female or male. Whereas Bill defines Transgender as: Neither Wholly female or wholly male.
incentivising inappropriate use? 50 for Levonelle and Superdrug £ 13. A letter seen by the Guardian to BPAS from Marc Donovan, chief pharmacist of Boots UK, said it had considered the issue very carefully, but pointed out that it is already available for free in community pharmacies and NHS services. 50. ? . she said.
9crore of Rs1, 339crore released by the state government to provide food for malnourished children was used between April and June 2017, according to an analysis by the National Centre for Advocacy Studies ( NCAS) , which is based in Pune. 40% of the families said that it smelled bad and was difficult to cook. ? t been paid. he has said.
The police have stopped visiting and patrolling on the Elephanta Island, the popular tourist spot for past few days, as the passenger boat services from Mora in Navi Mumbai have been terminated due to heavy rains. Mukunda Bhosale, senior police inspector of Mora police station said that police officials will be sent to the island, as soon as the passenger boat services are started. But there is no such system to check the people who come from other places of Navi Mumbai. ? said Sunil Padte, sarpanch of Gharapuri gram panchayat.
A resident of Houston, Singh, instead of leaving the country, changed his name, date of birth, the manner in which he entered the US and his familial history so that he could obtain lawful immigration status, and later naturalisation, based on a marriage to a US citizen. Balbir Singh aka Ranjit Singh, 50, faces up to 10 years in federal prison, a maximum $ 250, 000 possible fine, revocation of his citizenship and enforcement of his outstanding deportation order. ? the Justice Department said.
Simultaneously, Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation? ? Officials said the team will visit areas with highest dengue cases across 24 wards and will study data compiled in the past three years to contain dengue menace in the city. said Rajan Naringrekar, insecticide officer, BMC. said Naringrekar.
Assistant municipal commissioner Devendrakumar Jain said, ? After Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) sent around 4, 000 notices to housing societies, hotels, hospitals and other institutions in Andheri ( East) for failing to segregate waste, it is holding a three- day exhibition to raise awareness among residents and school students about waste management. Ladislaus Pereira, chairman of Gundavali Residents? ?
5 kilograms of suspected heroin worth Rs 300 crore from a truck that originated from Pakistan- occupied Kashmir. Officials posted at the LoC Trade Centre in Salamabad, Uri, who were already on the lookout for such a truck after receiving intelligence inputs about the movement of drugs, stopped the lorry and carried out a search, which led to the recovery of the narcotics. The 2014 consignment too came from PoK. They have been identified and are being tracked, Baramulla SSP Imtiyaz Hussaid said.
Bennington was one of two lead vocalists for Linkin Park, who became one of the most commercially successful acts of the 2000s. Coroner? In the End, ? ? ve Done?
? Apple first announced its foray into the automotive industry with its car project in 2013 but later confined to making self- driving software for automobiles. the report said citing unnamed sources. s consumer electronics products.
The attack occurred on Friday afternoon, when, according to local police sources, an Afghan police unit retook a checkpoint captured by the Taliban on Thursday. Helmand? According to Bill Salvin, spokesman for the coalition forces in Afghanistan, the US has conducted more than 50 airstrikes in the province over the past five days. Following Friday? ? Additional reporting by Aliyas Dayee in Lashkar Gah
provocative move? But Euan Graham, from the Lowy Institute, said the presence of the Chinese ship sent ? an unfriendly message? ? . t. ?
? Unlike Putin? I can also tell you that I even thought up the name: Sirius, ? The discussion quickly moved on, with a synchronised skating team telling Putin it was their dream to have a photograph with him on ice: Putin said he would be happy to oblige. s personal life and preferences. The tone of the discussion was set by the first question, when Putin was thanked for backing the school and for giving opportunities to so many children. extraordinary?
says Shreya. ? In her career spanning 15 years, it seems that the singer has learnt to trust the listeners with their changing demand for music and that? Every time I have sung from my heart and not thought about the commercial aspect, it has done really well for me. t understand art. she adds.
. Kumar, however, isn? I don? I did an off- beat film like Sangharsh ( 1999) , which everyone called a great film, but it didn? t want anybody to say that I am an action or a comedy hero. ? he says.
Anushka Sharma and filmmaker Imtiaz Ali during the trailer launch of Jab Harry Met Sejal. ? The actor said that Jab Harry Met Sejal was the first movie to be offered to her by Imtiaz and she liked the idea so much that she accepted it immediately. she said. the actress recalled. she added.
As he complained of cardiac distress, he was rushed to the Civil hospital but he collapsed. A senior Samajwadi Party leader Uma Shankar Chowdhary passed away after suffering a massive heart attack on Saturday during a meeting being chaired by party president Akhilesh Yadav at the party office. s death.
In a major bureaucratic reshuffle of 40 senior and mid- level officers, Indian Forest Services officer of Gujarat cadre Bharat Lal has been appointed joint secretary to President- elect Ram Nath Kovind. Ashok Malik, a well- known columnist, commentator, distinguished fellow at one of India? s leading think tanks, Observer Research Foundation, will be the press secretary to the new President. The third major appointment in the office of the President was that of Sanjay Kothari, an lAS officer of 1978 batch of Haryana cadre and currently the chairman of the Public Enterprises Selection Board ( PESB) .
A senior urban development official said, ? ? The seven buildings in the Campa Cola compound have 35 floors more than what was approved by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) , prompting the civic body to send a demolition notice leading to a long protracted legal battle. While local authorities will have to explore the option of road widening in such cases, the state? According to the draft rules, the state? Lakhs of illegal structures or unauthorised buildings, largely residential ones including those like the controversial Campa Cola compound in Worli, now stand to benefit from this policy.
Reliance Jio offer is clever marketing position. . So as an operator one cant compete with a handset seller because handset seller is not required to pay this extra levy of 11- 14 per cent, " Mathews said. Government will have to look at what sale of price for zero means, " Mathews said. Also, the offer at Rs 153 a month needs to be seen in the context of three years and whether the consumers are prepared to commit themselves to such an outgo on a monthly basis, he added. He said handset manufacturers will have to scramble to compete with Rs 1, 500 handset.
singer in real life. ! ? Lemonade? A wax figure of Beyonce at Madame Tussauds in New York has been given a makeover after fans of the megastar said the figure was too white. ( AP)  						A representative for Beyonce did not return an email seeking comment.
They have this mindless policy of everything having to be simultaneously streamed and released, which is obviously an untenable model for theatrical presentation. ? Nolan said. I don? he added.
India' s first- class cricketer Parvinder Awana was on Friday beaten up by a group of five unknown people in Greater Noida. It is reported that Awana was returning from Haridwar and while passing Greater Noida, five unknown people, who were travelling by car along with a girl, attacked him.
CBI special judge Pawan Tiwari held Pandher and Koli guilty of murder, attempted rape and destruction of evidence. ( Sakib Ali / HT? Koli has already been sentenced to death in seven out of 16 cases probed by the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) . The girls were lured into Pandher?
? The restoration of Yamuna floodplains could start soon with the National Green Tribunal ( NGT) on Friday directing the Delhi Development Authority ( DDA) and irrigation department of Delhi and Uttar Pradesh to submit an action plan within a week. the bench said. We can? The expert committee earlier appointed by the tribunal suggested they would need the help of aquatic plants and animals that once used to inhabit the river? physically?
READ? PBL India ( @ PBLIndiaLive) July 22, 2017Kashyap, on the other hand, had a relatively easier win over compatriot and fifth seed Sameer Verma with the reigning Commonwealth Games champion coming out with a 21- 13, 21- 16 victory in 40 minutes. | ? ? s doubles semi- finals.
There is no clarity whether Baghdadi has been killed or is still alive but there is nothing left. WATCH: India Today ground report: Mystery over 39 Indians missing in Iraq deepens On the way, the first Indian media outlet to reach Mosul after the fall of ISIS, found that the bastion of Abu Bakr al- Baghdadi was reduced to a rubble. . What is left are the remnants of what was once a prison where ISIS had come to get some of their Islamist brothers released from and in the process also ended up occupying Mosul. Whether they are safe or if they are in any trouble, " said Tirupati. I feel very very sad. The day the Iraqi PM declared Mosul is liberated from ISIS, I asked ( minister of state) VK Singh to go to Erbil, " Sushma Swaraj had said. " The team of men lead the India Today team to a path full of mines and they watch their steps carefully to reach Badush prison where, as per the intelligence information that Sushma Swaraj has received, the abducted Indians could possibly be present.
said Gupta. We have got the letter from DMRC regarding transferring of plots and we are working over the project of developing car parking lots here soon, ? ? she said. Meanwhile, North MCD has completed the tendering process for construction of stack parking lots opposite Lok Nayak Jai Prakash hospital, Asaf Ali Road.
politically motivated. The police have not even told me that a case has been registered against me. ? Jarwal said. BJP volunteer? political gains?
03 crore. IIT- Roorkee spent Rs 15. The report said, ? IIT- Roorkee had also paid service tax to the tune of around Rs 1. 20 lakh.
( REUTERS)  						Bennington, 41, was found dead on Thursday at his home in Palos Verdes, near Los Angeles, a week before the California alt- rock band was due to embark on its tour, starting on July 27 in Mansfield, Massachusetts. We are incredibly saddened to hear about the passing of Chester Bennington. coroner? ? Hybrid Theory.
The incident took place allegedly after a team of armymen in civilian clothes, returning from the Amarnath Yatra on Friday night, was stopped at a barricade in Gund by policemen as no pilgrims were allowed to travel at night . he added. ? We have taken the matter up with the core commander, it has been sorted, ? s spokesperson said ? .
shutdown? In letter to the Managing Director ( MD) , Delhi Metro, he has sought cancellation of chargesheet against him and one Ravi Bhardwaj filed for leading the protest. ? added Mahato. All concerned employees are requested to stay away from the path of agitation and not to fall for rumours and issues of alleged injustices, ? . total shutdown? said the spokesperson.
He said Dali? Bardalet predicted Dalí? s daughter and that you are the daughter of a great painter, but I love you all the same. ? s a miracle, ? It? The DNA recovered from the remains will be compared with samples from Maria Pilar Abel, who claims to be the result of a liaison her mother had with Dalí in 1955. . Abel claims she told her: ?
India' s top- scorer of the 2011 World Cup final Gautam Gambhir, currently working as an ESPNcricinfo analyst, reckons if the Mithali Raj- led team can go on to win the big final come Sunday, the victory will be even bigger than the glory men' s team achieved at the Wankhede Stadium in 2011. " But it was a World Cup semi- final and against Australia. The occasion was very important. If it was a 50- overs game who knows she would have got a double ton as well.
The city? 48 hectares. It requires a minimum of 24 degrees Celsius temperature for growthIn Maharashtra, mangroves cover almost 222 sq km of coastline covering 53 creeks and seashore The largest mangrove forest in the world is at Sundarbans, West BengalSource: Godrej Marine Ecology Centre The Navi Mumbai airport, first proposed 20 years ago and approved in 2007, is to be built on 1, 160 hectares, of which 250 hectares is forest land. However, when it comes to hacking of trees, the contractor will have to submit a detailed plan to the mangrove cell and then the Bombay high court. ? said N Vasudevan, additional principal chief conservator of forest, state mangrove cell.
They make fun of our Gods and Goddesses. The online route seems in line with the social media presence of the BJP- RSS complex of organisations and the fact that the PM is one of the most followed people on Twitter in the world. The gathering would discuss how Hinduism can be protected and propagated via online and social media platforms such as Twitter, WhatsApp, Facebook and Instagram. " Sengar, who is also the newly appointed vice president of BJP' s Kisan Morcha, told Mail Today that Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath, who has come to be seen recently as the new and more aggressive face of Hindutva politics, is the designated chief guest for the event. He was very happy at the initiative, " Sengar said.
WHAT HAPPENEDThe 29- year- old victim is based in Chattisgarh and runs an apparel store. They started talking and grew close. She alleged that Ajay had sex with her after putting sindoor ( vermilion) on her forehead and told her that he will apply for court marriage. I agreed to this condition. Speaking to Mail Today, the victim said that she had already decided to sell her store and give all the earnings to Uma because after the marriage there would have been no one to run it. " When he heard this, he started ignoring me.
said a senior IIT official. Due to space crunch, several students have been asked to stay in an adjacent building meant for associate professors. ? 3 % in 2017. the official said. said the official.
said Sparks. ? That makes the thing extremely fragile and the only thing holding it together is the sediment surrounding it, ? After the family contacted Houde, the jaw and two pieces of tusk were taken to the Vertebrate Museum at NMSU. he said. It? he added.
The comment snowballed into a huge debate, with fans supporting Kangana for bravely taking on Bollywood' s big daddies. Karan joined in and said, " I am here because of my papa ( late filmmaker Yash Johar) . " The act caused outrage on social media and Karan, Saif and Varun were forced to apologise. The actor added that there are plenty of instances to prove that " genuine hard work" exists, " beyond the superficiality of branded clothes and polished accents. " Unless you have been living under a rock, you know that Kangana had called Karan the " flag- bearer of nepotism" on his show. Let' s wait and watch.
A 35- year- old motorcyclist? s throat was slit on the Geeta Colony flyover on Friday afternoon after his neck got entangled in a manjha ( kite flying string) . The green body passed the order following several deaths reportedly due to getting caught in the manja. manja? ?
At present, the civic agency is spending R 125 crore on these streetlights annually. in phase I. North civic body commissioner, Praveen Gupta said, ? For rest of the 90, 000 lighting fixtures, tendering has been done and as soon as the project receives approval from the standing committee, work will start in the remaining four zones ? he said.
? Last week, MCG officials made an announcement that 20 buildings are to be auctioned next month after their owners failed to pay tax dues and the civic body sealed the buildings in February. SS Rohilla, spokesperson of MCG, said. August 8.
s decision. 27 crore. In case of some DCCBs, the RBI has found discrepancies in the records such as difference between their actual stock and the records. Even as the window to deposit scrapped notes in the Reserve Bank of India closed on Thursday, 31 district central cooperative banks ( DCCBs) in Maharashtra were still left with around Rs200 crore in old currency. ? 2.
caliphate? . the note says, ? The speed with which Isis fighters are likely to attempt to reach Europe will depend on a range of issues including whether the group tries to set up a new base in Syria in the wake of the impending fall of Raqqa, its last major redoubt in north- west Syria. ? Interpol regularly sends alerts and updates to its national central bureaux ( NCB) on wanted terrorists and criminals via our secure global police communications network, ? a spokesman said. s request.
s day. The schoolgirl was accused of trading without a licence by a council enforcement officer last Saturday, her father, Andre Spicer, said. he said. But the academic, who has also written for the Guardian, said it was one thing for someone in such a privileged position as his to be able to fight back ? . ? We are very sorry that this has happened.
I didn? Actor Prachi Desai, who bid goodbye to her TV career in 2009 after doing the popular show Kasamh Se, is miffed with the kind of content Indian television has today. alongside actor Farhan Akhtar. ? I would rather explore the actor in me than just stand there and be one among the many, ? gamble?
? He added that development of nutritional food by DRDO for armed forces was an ongoing process based on their requirements and latest technological research in the area. he said.
A tender was floated for the procurement of four such bearings according to the Rothe Erde drawing for 155 mm gun in which four firms had participated. 38 lakh in 2013, the FIR stated. In furtherance of the said criminal conspiracy, unknown officials of GCF accepted the Chinese manufactured Wire Race Roller Bearings supplied by Sidh Sales Syndicate which were embossed as CRB- Made in Germany, " the CBI said in the FIR. 07 lakh on August 27, 2014. China- made parts camouflaged as Made in Germany found their way to the production line of indigenised Bofors guns used by the army, prompting the CBI to file a case against a Delhi- based company.
s crazy. The 15- year- old was taken from his seat on flight EZY8333 to Toulouse on Thursday morning, and left alone at the departure gate. Read? That is really not what we would want. t see an overbooking issue. ? We don?
An Airbus A380 flight of Emirates Airways nearly collided in mid- air with an Air Seychelles passenger jet when the Dubai- based carrier was about to land in Mauritius, local media reported on Thursday. The near- collision was reportedly due to the Emirates crew members? sharply to the right? s biggest passenger jet.
The CAG report was placed before the Parliament today. In 1999 the WWR was scaled down to only 20 days. The CAG says that of the 152 types of ammunition identified as critical stocks of only 31 were available for 40 days whereas as many as 12 types of ammunition was available for 30 to 40 days and stocks of as many of 26 types of ammunition was available for a little over 20 days. Earlier, Indian military was required to have store supplies, spares and ammunition - called War Wastage Reserve ( WWR) - to fight a 40 day intense war. These can now be purchased immediately bypassing the long winded procurement procedure, " a senior officer said.
said the principal of a suburban college, who did not wish to be identified. He added that even with new central assessment process ( CAP) centres being set up across the city, teachers are still finding it difficult to finish assessment work. ? However, this now seems unlikely. said an MU official.
India has less than one doctor for every 1, 000 population which is less than the World Health Organization standard, the Lok Sabha was informed on Friday. 306: 1000, the USA ? 3. 554: 1000, Afghanistan - 0. 4. 389: 1000, Pakistan ?
According to the CAG report, claims amounting Rs 7, 010 crore ( under NAIS) , Rs 332. ? The Comptroller and Auditor General of India ( CAG) on Friday slammed the government for poor implementation of crop insurance schemes in 2011- 16, saying the funds were released to private insurers without verification. . , ? very poor? it said.
Talking to ANI, Soni said, " I have requested party leadership to relieve me as in- charge of Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh due to health reasons. " However, she has said that she wants to continue working as a Congress MP. Party chief Sonia Gandhi and son Rahul will take a final decision on the matter.
22 crore. the report found. After two decades of investing in telemetry systems, that provide real time data so that flood warnings can be issued, and investing of crores of rupees the government still depends on manual data, the CAG? ? inordinate delays? noted.
? Neuberger said: ? Hale? I have had the pleasure of working closely with Lady Hale over the last five years, and have seen at first hand the intellect and humanity with which she approaches the appeals which come before her, as well as her commitment to the rule of law, legal education and building public understanding of the work of the courts. s highest court. Brenda Hale has been appointed as the first female president of the UK supreme court. Born in Yorkshire in 1945, she went to a state school, Richmond high school for girls, and then to Girton College, Cambridge, where she read law and graduated top of her class.
83 crore. WHAT THE CAG FOUND1. According to the CAG report, the failure of the students to complete their respective courses within the prescribed time period also resulted in admissions being held up during the academic years of 2010- 11, 2014- 15 and 2015- 16. 3. 78 crore due to FTII not charging fees for the extended duration of the courses and Rs 9. 4.
JATIN DAS' PAINTING RETURNEDThe development comes after an unknown person returned a painting by eminent artist Jatin Das which was a part of Air India' s collection. The airline had started to lend out artwork of its vast collection to top executives in the past with the rider that the same be returned back to the company up on retirement. " We received a courier around two weeks back. An internal committee of Air India is preparing a list of former employees who are suspected of siphoning- off artwork, an official with the airline said on Friday.
According to sources, Anita was transferred as her name also featured in D Roopa' s report on VVIP perks given to Sasikala in the Bangalore Central Jail. Later Anita had provided an edited copy to D Roopa. Anita was present when it was alleged that 32 convicts were beaten up inhumanly and shifted to various other prisons at Mysore, Ballari, Belagavi and Davanagere overnight. RTI filed over Sasikala meeting visitors in Bengaluru prison
political conspiracy? He claimed that a CPI( M) local leader was present at the woman? A case was on Thursday registered against Congress MLA M Vincent, who represents the Kovalam segment, on charges of stalking, rape and abetment of suicide based on the statement given by the woman who had last week tried to end her life at nearby Balaramapuram, police sources said. The woman?
Rajesh Tiwary, TMBU? s law degree. fake? Documentary evidence emerging from the findings of a probe initiated by the TMBU administration, establishing the former minister had committed fraud for procuring a fake degree from university, has been attached with petition submitted to police for lodging the FIR? ? , he explained.
? 005% and 0. According to the details given by the minister, the number of cases of fraud involving credit cards, ATM/ Debit cards and internet banking during 2015- 16 was 16, 468 and 13, 653 in 2016- 17. he said during Question Hour.
Punjab chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh on Friday ordered an inquiry into the alleged disappearance of 98 bottles of Johnnie Walker scotch from the Punjab State Drug Food and Chemical Testing Laboratory, Kharar. Taking cognizance of reports published in a section of the media, the CM directed the director general of police ( DGP) to get the matter thoroughly investigated and submit the report in two weeks, according to a press release issued by his office. s commitment to the elimination of the drug menace.
extremely disturbing? Anyone who? Nixon? On Friday, White House aide Kellyanne Conway said it was only fair to expose any potential conflicts of interest of investigators helping Mueller examine Russia? Mark Corallo, who has been working as a spokesman for the legal team, is no longer part of the operation, according to those familiar with the situation. . ? Fox & Friends? witch hunt?
he informed the Lok Sabha. ? The government constituted a multi- agency group ( MAG) in April 2016 for facilitation co- ordinated and speedy investigation in the cases of Indians allegedly having undisclosed foreign assets and whose names were reportedly included in Panama papers leak. Jaitley pointed out. he added.
of its own. Shah Rukh Khan has gifted Pritam Chakraborty a guitar for making music for his forthcoming film Jab Harry Met Sejal. ? The composer said he has put the gift on auction for charity. Thank you sir!
breeding dengue? ( Mumbai, don? The ? Radio jockey Malishka Mendonsa, who is at the centre of a very public battle with the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) after featuring in a music video for an FM channel mocking the civic body? Upload your own videos. breeder? ? s ire.
let? # danishsummer # denmarkdiaries A post shared by Mandira Bedi ( @ mandirabedi) on Jul 13, 2017 at 10: 54pm PDT Actor Mandira Bedi, mother to a five- year- old son, adds in agreement, ? On why celebrity parents are targets of trolls, Dr Kamal Khurana, mentor for personal transformation, says that people always want to know [ more] about a public figure. ? . For me, even those early 40 days, when I was with my son all the time, my only sanity would be when I went for a run, jog and exercise. s rather important for a woman to take a break after embracing motherhood. In Kareena? s case, I?
A future target for similar insurance products could be mangrove swamps, which also protect the shore against storm damage, and are equally under threat, with many destroyed to make way for housing development or farming, and others in peril from climate change. eco- system services? The Cancún scheme, which is to be run by Swiss Re and the Nature Conservancy, with backing from the Mexican government, is thought to be one of the first in the world to tie environmental benefits and the ? ? said Tercek. .
LaVergne says. Thank you! 50pm BST 19: 50  OJ Simpson and his attorney Malcolm LaVergne are back in the teleconference room at Lovelock correctional center. I know that he does a lot for other people and I feel that nine- and- a- half- to- 33 years was way too long. 23pm BST 20: 23  Simpson? ? I don? 8. s oldest child, is now speaking on his behalf: ? s release. Simpson says he never had a problem and believed that his initiative with the Baptist prayer group and role as commissioner of an 18- team softball league compensates for the exprience he? Updated at 8. 00pm BST   7. s not perfect but has done the best he can and acknowledges he didn? 05pm BST 18: 05  Connie Bisbee, one of the four parole commissioners, starts off the hearing at 10: 01am local time by calling for Simpson, who will be joined by one of his representatives. Simpson says. . 5. Offshore betting websites, 5Dimes.
? Zain? Zain told us that he was going to hang out with his friends for a few days but we woke up to the news of his death. Medical investigations are underway.
lady oriented? Shrivastava appealed the decision with the film certification tribunal, which said the film could be released with an adult certification and after minor cuts. . Women are 50 percent of the population; we have a particular way of seeing things, but it is the male perspective that has dominated for so long in popular culture, ? ? Relating the story of four women who want to realise their dreams, the movie has sparked a debate in India over what is permissible in movies and how women are actually portrayed. she said.
It? # FirstLook # Parmanu ? A post shared by Diana Penty ( @ dianapenty) on Jul 9, 2017 at 5: 15am PDTBut as they say ? ? she doesn? s very important for me that the character I am playing must be of certain importance and different from my previous one. I can?
AB de Villiers, South Africa? Now we are 4! ? My wife is the most amazing woman and once again showed incredible courage and strength through all of this. The South African limited- overs skipper skipped the ongoing four- Test series against England as he aims to stay fully fit and guide the Proteas to a World cup title in 2019. de Villiers is expected to meet Cricket South Africa at the end of August and announce his decision on his playing future.
The report of the committee has been received, the Finance Minister said. At a Niti Aayog meeting earlier in the year, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a pitch for a January- December financial calender for the country. He was asked whether the government proposes to synchronise the financial year with the calendar year from January. A change in the financial year will require amendments to various statues including tax laws during the transitional period.
? I know if I stay in shape, there are chances for me to do well at the US Open, but to win it? Roger Federer, who recently lifted his 19th Grand Slam champion at the age of 35 by winning a record eighth Wimbledon title, has insisted that it would be a joke if he wins third slam this year at the US Open. I? he added. With Federer?
The court order came on a petition raising a question of law as to whether the POCSO Act will apply where the mental age of the victim makes her a child despite her age. The court had earlier stayed criminal proceedings in the case pending in a trial court. India is among several countries in the world where sexual abuse of minors is rampant.
The Baaghi director then took a U- turn and clarified the " rumours" and confirmed that he was never approached for the film. Extremely disappointing ( sic) " . His statement in Mumbai Mirror is untrue and rubbish. He wrote, " Sabir khan was never approached to direct or write Dabangg 3.
org" , " @ type" : " Review" , " author" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Rohit Vats" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. hindustantimes. 80s movies. Their close ups are so over the top that you would wander whether they all decided together to look in a certain way? s not all. Talking of close ups, the award for most exciting close up goes to Farah Khan who judges a reality show in Munna Michael. So, he takes to drinking. Watch: Our Facebook Live discussion on Munna Michael and Lipstick Under My BurkhaLike typical Bollywood kids, this one too grows up to become Munna ( Tiger Shroff) , a super dancer, in one song. oh my god? t help either.
detailed explanation? ? Justin Bieber sings on his latest album. His brother Liam now appears to have been forgiven and is scheduled to play solo shows in Beijing and Shenzhen next month. purify? s absence from Chinese stages.
Richa has previously shown her excellent comic timing in Fukrey - a role for which she won several awards. panel. She will be reprising the iconic character of Bholi Punjaban in the sequel which is set to release in December this year. s next big female comedian.
Pinkett Smith also suggested she would be more explicit about the details of her relationship with Tupac in a forthcoming book, though she also told Sway, ? ? That? Pinkett Smith? s what gets us through. deeply hurtful? We love our family.
And in an interview to Mumbai Mirror, the Rustom actor confessed that his respect for his wife has gone several notches higher. Bringing up a baby is tough. " I do not know how she writes, designs, looks after our children and still manages to stay calm on most days. " On the work front, Akshay is awaiting the release of Toilet Ek Prem Katha opposite Bhumi Pednekar.
spread anger by spreading misinformation? Punjab director general of police ( DGP) Suresh Arora said on Thursday that the police will increase presence on social media, which is widely used by radicals to ? They are trying to vitiate the communal atmosphere of the state. ? ( Bharat Bhushan/ HT)
The Bengaluru Urban Minister KJ George while speaking to India Today said that the state government is committed towards giving Kannada the utmost respect and status, but the debate was unnecessarily about Hindi, especially when all three languages - Kannada, English and Hindi are used. George also said that if any of the protestors take law in their hands, they will be punished. We will protest till it is implemented, " he said. Also Read:
The child? ( HT Photo)  						The girl had gone missing on July 11 and while the police were still investigating the case, a body was spotted at the canal in Sector 8. ? They then questioned the father who confessed that he had taken his daughter to the canal in Sector 8 and allegedly drowned her there. the police said. Ram Nath, in- charge, NIT- 2 police post, said.
A military court finally gave her justice. THE INCIDENTThe accident occurred 55 years ago in Bengaluru while the pilot was test- flying the Gnat aircraft, which developed severe mechanical failure witnessed as " violent pitch oscillations" prior to delivery to the IAF. " The government countered her by saying that she could not be given the special pension as her husband had opted for an insurance scheme before his death and also opposed the plea in the Armed Forces Tribunal, saying that she had come for justice after 55 years and her plea should dismissed on the basis of delay in approaching the court. The government also told the court that finding papers of the family pension granted to the widow of the officer and documents related to his deputation to HAL also could not be found as the matter was very old. " ARREARS
The incident happened when a procession comprising 16 men from Tauru town in Mewat reached the Tikona Park, where the locals alleged that three youths on a bike hit the Kanwarias with a stick and also punched them. Tauru resident Gaurav Gauba, who was pushing the Kanwar, said that unidentified youths on bike tried to force their way among the Kanwarias, and one among them punched him. said Anil Mendiratta, a Tauru resident, who has beeing undertaking the procession from Tauru for several years. ? Although the police maintained that it was a minor accident, they said that however, they are probing the matter to know the antecedents of the youths on the bike and also if there was any other angle to the matter. said Brahm Singh, assistant commissioner of police, Sohna.
? s verified Twitter account. . t kill himself, he was already did before he hung himself, I have proof. not hacked? There were reports of strange messages, fans playing Linkin Park songs outside their house at 3 am and nailing lyrics to their front door.
t ? nepotism rocks? ( AFP)  						In the letter, published on DNA, Saif goes on to say that the comments he made on nepotism with Karan Johar and Varan Dhawan were a joke. he wrote, referring to a comment he made about how it is possible that members of the Kapoor family join the film business because it is in their genes. is the media. s not something that I wrote or something I believe in. apologised? ? he wrote.
org" , " @ type" : " Review" , " author" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Rohan Naahar" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. The crowd? hindustantimes. It is an existential masterpiece set across three parallel plots destined to collide, which in turn are set on three planes of existence ? There are others like you. And his eyes are all he needs to convey the ( sometimes scarily suicidal) determination to save his countrymen, as he picks off one Luftwaffe fighter after another ? s nesting doll structure is uncovered, and when the three stories finally converge after almost two hours of merciless tension, the emotional release is pure ecstasy. ? but it reassures as much as it startles. There isn? s career.
The court fixed the matter for further hearing on December 5. Justice A K Chawla observed that the six months granted in the March 28, 2014 order has not been extended by it and, therefore there was no reason for the government to not comply with it. against parties New Delhi, Jul 20 ( PTI) The Delhi High Court today granted six weeks to the Centre to comply with its 2014 order directing action against political parties violating foreign funding norms.
This latest discovery only reaffirms what has been known within the airline' s circles for a while - that retiring executives/ officials have left with many a precious paintings and artefacts from the airline' s collection after retirement, without informing. It appeared, the lady in question, had left with Das' painting, post retirement. After India Today had highlighted the art loot, that appeared to be a larger malaise than the case of one missing painting, Air India had set up an internal enquiry committee to look into the matter. The committee has learnt that the painting was last seen in the office of a former executive director who worked out of the Delhi office of the airline a decade ago.
s participation. ? said a state government official. The BJP- led Gujarat government is going all out to celebrate the world heritage city status accorded to Ahmedabad by UNESCO earlier this month with an eye on assembly elections later this year. world heritage city? s vice president candidate.
The successful brain circuit surgery, believed to be the first such operation in the country, was performed on July 11 by a team of doctors from Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain Hospital on 37- year- old Abishek Prasad, who has a passion for the guitar, to rid him of the neurological disorder guitarist dystonia that had crippled his fingers. During the entire surgery, the patient was fully awake and was playing the guitar as the problem only occurred when he tried playing guitar. . . "
? During the ride people can tell the aunty their preferences and the Aunty will later get in touch with them with a suitable rishta ( relationship) , ? Careem is the halal Tinder now, except that there is a rishta aunty who will do the swiping for you# CareemPk # Tinder # Careem # RishtaAunty # WTF pic. said Careem Pakistan? Naqvi added. rishta? @ CareemPAK pic. Parents: ' betaa # CareemMarriage' # careem # rishtaaunty # halalmarriage?
? s extreme step, ? a senior police officer said. Bidisha? Nisheeth Jha, the husband of Assamese actor Bidisha Bezbaruah who allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from a ceiling fan, was on Thursday sent to 14 days in judicial custody.
winning candidate? Despite the four votes from the BJP that went to Kovind, the former governor of Bihar who won with a landslide victory in the Presidential elections on Thursday, got a total of six votes - - - which means that two AAP MLAs had cross- voted. said Saurabh Bhardwaj, AAP spokesperson and MLA from Greater Kailash. Former water minister Kapil Mishra, who was suspended from the party in March for making corruption allegations against Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, told Hindustan Times that he voted for the ? s presidentship, the nation will march on road to progress with greater confidence and faith, ? ? I am glad that my vote got counted in the final result, ? Bhardwaj said.
effectively? However, sources in the security establishment had said the personnel on ground in Kashmir had given feedback that PAVA ( Pelargonic Acid Vanillyl Amide) was not an effective replacement for the controversial pellet guns and hence some other non- lethal ammunition should be provided to them to counter stone pelters and protestors. ? the official said. headquarters here today.
In contrast, Kumar? Kovind? ? The important aspect is that the opposition parties stood united and will remain so in future as well, ? s overall vote value was 661 more than the assured value of 701, 382, comprising lawmakers from the NDA and some opposition parties. s presidential candidate. The Congress has 56 MLAs in the state and Kumar had the assured support of four BSP MLAs and three Independents.
The Centre told the court that law and order is a state subject and it was their responsibility to take action in such cases. " Replying to the notice, Jharkhand and Gujarat told the Supreme Court that administration has taken action against all those involved in such vigilante attacks in the recent past. ALSO READ: Mob lynching India' s shocking war within, a challenge Narendra Modi must confrontCow vigilantism: Supreme Court issues notice to Centre, 6 states
He was Bihar governor then. Ram Nath Kovind was the BJP' s SC cell president from 1998 to 2002. The BJP- led Centre had appointed Ram Nath Kovind, 76, as Bihar Governor in August 2015 with a view to wooing the Dalits in the state Assembly elections held in December that year. He is also the second Dalit after KR Narayanan to adorn the coveted post. He also worked as a junior counsellor for the Janata Party government in the Supreme Court. He completed his primary and pre- middle school education from Khanpur in Sandalpur block. However, he lost the election.
jpg" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. com/ rf/ image_ size_ 960x540/ HT/ p2/ 2017/ 07/ 20/ Pictures/ _ 2609e5c8- 6d08- 11e7- b16c- a4b2f1f7e553. com/ title/ tt4807830/ " , " datePublished" : " 2017- 07- 20" , " director" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Alankrita Srivastava" } , " actor" : [ { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Ratna Pathak" , " sameAs" : " " } , { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Konkona Sen Sharma" , " sameAs" : " " } ] } , " publisher" : { " @ type" : " Organization" , " name" : " Hindustan Times" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. hindustantimes. Bua jee aka Usha ( Ratna) is a 55- year- old woman rendered devoid of desires because of her age but enjoys reading soft porn hidden in her religious books. This is one of those rare films in which it is difficult to pick a favourite but Konkona? Shireen ( Konkona) is a housewife who works a salesgirl but needs to hide her job from her husband ( Sushant) . Every character in the film deals with different kinds of prejudices and restrictions but eventually, they prove to be the same - curbing the freedom of women.
Khan? After granting an interim stay on proceedings against Khan, the high court fixed September 25 as the next date to hear his plea. The superstar was granted the relief by Justice A J Desai ( rpt A J Desai) , who also stayed the Vadodara court summons to him, seeking his presence before it on July 23 to answer the charges of his culpability in the case. The GRP had asked him to come its office and record his statement.
t fit her. Sunny: We didn? Why we? s overwhelming for any human to have new things as until now, she was raised in a different manner. Sunny: We were not brought up here but certain things, on an everyday basis, breaks your heart. The baby girl from Latur, Maharashtra, has been adopted by them, and Sunny says it was love at first sight. t know that Nisha was coming to us so Sunny? It? t think I ever will, but I know she was probably starving at some point, and maybe there wasn? ! LOL Pic credits: @ tomasmoucka Hair and Makeup: @ tomasmoucka and @ jeetihairtstylist # SunnyLeone A post shared by Sunny Leone ( @ sunnyleone) on Jul 14, 2017 at 12: 29am PDT What made both of you have a baby at this particular point? For us, it was about starting a family and I might not [ have a biological child] because of our schedules and so many other things but we both thought, ? ? s it. I don?
s said. It was the highest- value item at an auction of moon memorabilia that included the Apollo 13 flight plan annotated by its crew, which sold for $ 275, 000; a spacesuit worn by US astronaut Gus Grissom, which sold for $ 43, 750, and a famous image of Buzz Aldrin of Apollo 11 on the moon taken by Neil Armstrong, which went for $ 35, 000. 5- inch ( 30- cm by 22- cm) bag labelled ? The bag, which for years sat unidentified in a box at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, was bought by a person who bid by telephone and did not wish to be named publicly, auctioneer Sotheby? ?
In what could be an insider' s job, a suspicious packet containing narcotic substance was found in the food trolley of an Air India flight at Delhi airport on Thursday. Prima facie, it appears to be narcotic substance. Highly placed sources said there was a tip- off after which Customs intercepted a brown packet in the lower row of the food trolley.
While the first phase of metro will be commissioned for commercial operations in state capital Lucknow any time now, the home turfs of Adityanath and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be gifted a metro rail much before they make it to the merit list. " As the dust settles following rumours of his running for the post of President, Sreedharan insists he was never spoken to about a possible nomination. " I am 85. In fact even if someone did, I would have turned it down. he laughed. Also WATCH:
81 lakh. 15 crore ? Besides Lalrobiaka, the report includes names of chief minister Lal Thanhawla, ministers John Rotluangliana and PC Lalthanliana and parliamentary secretaries H Khiangte and K Rinthanga. ? some misunderstanding? Lalrobiaka, a Congress candidate for the 2008 assembly poll in Mizoram, in his affidavit filed before the Election Commission, put the value of his total movable and immovable assets at a little over Rs 5. But people should know where their wealth came from.
4. s future. The Dutch think that the French are attached to a hierarchy and political interests which are not necessarily the same as the interests of the company ? People are pessimistic, frustrated and burnt out because they feel that this is not listened to. ? super cool? s languages threatens to make the merged Air France- KLM group of airlines unmanageable, according to a leaked internal company report.
An in- principle approval has been accorded for the PPP project, " she said. Agarwal said the Town Hall would be redeveloped as an attractive tourist destination with " international standards" , after which the city landmark would emerge as a centre of cultural and social heritage, depicting the history, culture and the life of Delhi. Gupta said apart from depicting the history of Delhi, the redevelopment project is also expected to earn good revenue for the corporation. The redeveloped complex will have a craft baazar, dancing fountain, the maze, light and sound programmes, street food, children activity area, boutique hotel, food court, courtyard and sculpture garden, digital library, lecture rooms, a museum, fine dining areas and much more at the premises.
the lunar module of Apollo 15 ? Both items sold for $ 206, 000. A dust brush from the personal collection of Fred Haise, who flew on the ill- fated Apollo 13 mission, did not find a buyer. International Autograph Auctions will be offering up a variety of space memorabilia, including the flight suit worn by Collins during Apollo 11 which is estimated to be worth £ 7, 000- 10, 000. Not everything was astronomically priced, however, so there were a few bargains to be had. 175, 000.
prince transgresses on citizens? ? The clips went viral in Saudi Arabia under an Arabic Twitter hashtag that said ? The sale and consumption of alcohol in Saudi Arabia is forbidden. . King Salman ordered the arrest and interrogation of the prince on Wednesday, a day after short clips were published on YouTube and shared on Twitter showing what appears to be a rifle pointed towards a man bleeding from the head and pleading. # ? _ ? s sharia laws. pic. s decision on Twitter, the outspoken rights activist Moudi Aljohani said the order pointed to how lax the authorities were when it came to royals. While Saudi royals are given privileged status in the kingdom, in addition to undisclosed monthly allowances from the state, they are not immune to prosecution. A leaked 2007 US embassy memo said he ?
It' s not just sending a message that may land you in trouble nowadays. Tadikala Akabar Saleem was last week arrested at the Chennai airport where he had gone to pick up a friend who was arriving from Gulf because cops found an audio message in his phone that they deemed anti- national. Although, during the investigation and questioning the airport authorities did not find any wrongdoing on the part of Saleem, they did chance upon a random audio message that Saleem had received on his WhatsApp. Also Read: WhatsApp may soon allow you to quickly switch from voice to video calls
I want to make this announcement right now. Ajay Singh also raised the issue of farmers committing suicide across the state and read out names of farmers who committed suicide in the chief minister' s home district after June 6. " Had the state government legislated the moneylender' s act as was announced in 2011, the situation would never had arisen as most of the farmers are committing suicide after getting into a debt trap, " he said. India Today exclusive
s Vladimir Putin. it? s also a victory for America: in this case I do believe Trump is pursuing the correct policy. . It was not part of US- Russian negotiations on a limited ceasefire in south- west Syria the two leaders agreed to at the summit, the officials said. I think that once again, the Russia fever has caught up with the media and everybody ran out and tried to create a story that simply didn? ? t exist, ? m aware of.
s APMC market. The police are now questioning the coolies and other vegetable vendors who sleep near the market. ? said police. said a police officer from Dahisar police station.
Bhilare Guruji? The attack at Panchgani in 1944, where Bhilare Guruji overpowered Nathuram, was the second of these attempts, he has claimed in the book. Nathuram rejected the invitation and continued with his demonstration, ? Bhiku Daji Bhilare, who was claimed to have saved Mahatma Gandhi from being killed by Nathuram Godse in 1944, passed away today after a brief illness. ? My colleagues in the Seva Dal were also quick to react, and threw him out of the premises, ? he had recalled.
? He suffered severe injuries on different parts of his body and was rushed to Rajabari Hospital in Mumbai. However, his condition deteriorated and he was later shifted to JJ Hospital in Mumbai. As far as the area of Panvel is concerned, 36 people died in train accident in the first six months. said a GRP official.
While the heart was taken to Fortis Hospital, Mulund, through a green corridor, his kidneys and liver were sent to different hospitals. The donor? We as a community must come together to highlight the cause which can save many more lives in the future. ?
A month earlier, 89 and 90 farmers had committed suicides respectively in these two regions, which are worst- affected by the agrarian crisis. ? I don? said farm activist Amar Habib.
Officials said they collected Rs20 lakh in fine from residents who failed to eliminate mosquito breeding spots in their homes. Officials said they visited 62. ? Naringrekar added. he added.
The estate officer? According to a senior NDMC official, this is the next course of action under the public premises act ( Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants Act) 1971. ? including chief vigilance officer, director vigilance, director personnel, secretary, financial advisor and director estate ? The estate officer will take the final call in this regard, ? he said.
said Atul Kumar, subdivisional magistrate, Modi Nagar. Since then, it was felt that a separate facility be set up for women pilgrims, officials said. ? She thought that he had taken obscene pictures of her and was adamant that the phone should be destroyed. Ehsas Mahila Samiti, ? s empowerment. The officials of the district administration said that all Kanwar camps have common facilities for men and women.
SS Rohilla, spokesperson of MCG, said. Property tax defaulters may be forced to consider clearing their dues with the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram ( MCG) , as the civic body has decided to auction 20 properties of defaulters on August 8 after failing to recover the arrears. ? As per MCG officials, when they started their operation, a group of 15- 20 people came out with batons, hockey sticks and iron rods and demanded that the officials stop catching stray animals, as they claimed the animals belonged to them. 387 crore netted last year. MCG Commissioner V Umashankar said.
Baba said. 5kgs which include a collection of 21 gold chains, 21 lockets of deities, armlets and even a gold jacket which he wears sometimes during the yatra sitting atop his SUV which is one among the cavalcade of 16 vehicles that accompany him. Gradually, the gold increased. ? I am not wearing much gold on this journey as its weight has affected my nerves at the neck and also affected vision of one eye. he said. said Atul Kumar, sub divisional magistrate, Modi Nagar.
s huge debt. unpatriotic? ? the union said in the letter. Read | Ahead of privatisation, loss- making Air India could offer buyouts to employeesThe union also proposed that the government could waive Air India? forge ahead?
s director Jeremy Podeswa defended Sheeran? This comes after the episode? s appearance. I came off Twitter Coz I was always intending to come off Twitter, had nothing to do with what people said about my game of thrones cameo, because I am in game of thrones, why the hell would I worry what people thought about that. ?
valid point? ? that if any MP has committed a crime or something against the law, the law of the land should take its course. . This is not a thing to be punished by airlines? Different airlines on Wednesday lifted the flying ban on TDP lawmaker JC Diwakar Reddy after ? crime?
Passengers flying to and from the Indira Gandhi International ( IGI) Airport here after July 7 can claim a refund of excess airport charges paid as part of their airfare, according to aviation regulator DGCA. s notification dated July 18. Both domestic and international passengers landing in Delhi will not have to pay the UDF anymore. The Airports Economic Regulatory Authority had ordered a steep cut in airport levy in December 2015 but its implementation was pending because the Delhi airport operator approached the Delhi High Court against the slashing of charges, after which the court ordered a stay.
Not only has a major chunk of the traffic going in and out of Noida been diverted because of these bhakts' devotion, our food choices are going to be affected too now. Why? Because, kanwar yatra. On Wednesday, UP police asked local roadside vendors and restaurant owners in Greater Noida ( Dadri) not to serve or prepare non- vegetarian food.
Jerry Cohen, an expert in Chinese law and human rights from New York University, said he believed the rulers of one- party China would be reluctant to release Liu Xia in case she became a figurehead of resistance. How should I know which one you are talking about? China, however, has shown no sign of backing down, instead insisting, contrary to the evidence, that Liu Xia ? And she is the only person now who can speak to what she heard from Liu Xiaobo in the last seven years of her being under house arrest and in his final weeks of life. ? travelled? Genser said Liu Xia? . s home. illegal manner? open season?
Arooba Farooq ? However, a senior police officer told Hindustan Times that the girl was rushed to the hospital in the same vehicle. ? he added. s death spread.
horribly mediocre? Collectibles. . s, consigned to auction various items the star was unaware were no longer in her possession, including a pair of underwear, several personal photos, an old checkbook and multiple letters, one sent by Tupac and another in which the she supposedly calls Whitney Houston and Sharon Stone ? I would be letting down half of the people who made me what I thought I was. re so horribly mediocre and they? image, ?
s singles match. s Tien Minh Nguyen. s fight too ended with a heart- breaking 21- 12 16- 21 15- 21 loss against Sofie Holmboe Dahl of Denmark in the opening round. | ? In women? s Rira Kawashima and Saori Ozaki 21- 16 14- 21 21- 14, while Manu and Maneesha beat Canadian combo of Nyl Yakura and Brittney Tam 21- 13 21- 15 in mixed doubles competition. ? READ?
said South DMC commissioner Puneet Goel. Though we have been making all efforts to make our area open defecation free, it is also important to make the people habitual of using public toilet complexes. In rest of 14 wards, the civic agency has proposed to construct nine community toilet complexes with provision for 180 seats. Users often don? ? said Preety Agarwal, mayor, North DMC.
Congress- led Opposition parties have a little over 35 per cent share in the electoral college. Ram Nath Kovind will now be the second Dalit President of India after KR Narayanan. Giving India its second Dalit president, former Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind today won the presidential election with a comfortable margin against Opposition nominee Meira Kumar. twitter. com/ IkhnOtYf8NCelebrations in Madhya Pradesh' s Guna at the house of President elect # RamNathKovind' s brother. I pay my respects to my countrymen and assure them that I will serve the nation in the spirit of ' Sarve Bhavantu Sukhinah' ( May all be happy) , " he said.
t certify. pathetically regressive? When will it actually go through? While Benegal is hopeful that government will push the much required revamping of the CBFC and introduce changes in the archaic Cinematograph Act 1952, we contacted him to for clarity on any deadline given by the ministry. He adds, ? ? In support of Shyam Benegal committee report, film critic Omar Qureshi says, ? I? I heard about this draft for a bill being proposed, which will be studied by the cabinet. asks Mehta.
28 crore approx) . 4 crore approx. Add to that the cost of constructing Mughal Garden and the staff quarters, the total cost of building the entire Rashtrapati Bhavan complex stood at Rs 1. When Dr Rajendra Prasad occupied the building as country' s first President, the Viceroy' s House was renamed as Rashtrapati Bhavan. Ram Nath Kovind, the BJP' s candidate for the presidential election, secured an easy win against Opposition pick Meira Kumar today to be elected as the 14th President of India. Ram Nath Kovind, who was denied entry to the Retreat Building in Shimla two months ago, is set to be the custodian of the presidential retreat.
A post shared by Suyyash Ranjana Rai ( @ suyyashrai) on Jul 19, 2017 at 1: 50am PDTActor Suyyash Rai, who is a part of the show, made a post on Instagram saying that Karan? Pehredaar Piya Ki ? our motive is to entertain you guys not promote child marriage or anything. he wrote with the post. ? t expect us to also, but for the love of god and for the reason we all got in this industry please don? its my req to all, plz watch it first and then decide : ) maybe m wrong MAYBE : ) but lets wait n then decide. @ tejasswiprakash baby smile : ) plz ? It?
s protest at Jantar Mantar. Swaraj India volunteer, Rohini, who was accompanying the children, said when she went to get a trolley because one of the kids had an injury in his leg, a security guard said the kids were not allowed inside. ? They asked us to take the children out, ? she said. Swaraj India Delhi president Anupam said.
said BN Singh, district magistrate, Gautam Budh Nagar. . ? 69 lakh on both sand mafia groups caught mining sand from the two spots. the DM said. Once the list is ready, the DM will act against these people if they continue to mine sand from the Yamuna floodplains. Singh said.
While procuring the chopper will take four months, the bidding process before and registration after it will lengthen the procedure, said an official. for VIPs. ? said an official. s insurance cover.
illegal? Ramesh is one of the 30- odd kiosk owners whose makeshift shops were demolished by the Noida authority on Monday as the temporary structures had come up on government land. ? I have three children to look after and the officers have demolished my shop and destroyed my livelihood, ? he said. s demolition wing officials. illegal Bangladeshis?
Its food trucks are very popular and quite successful. But the thing with food trucks is that you have to be in a certain area to access the delicacies they serve, or wait for a food truck fest ( which have been quite the rage over the last two years in both Mumbai and Delhi) . Yes, it is in Mumbai of course. Also Read: Indian girl takes ethnic Naga cuisine to Belgium via her tribal kitchen food truck Current food trucks at the park are Hungry JD' s, Mumbai Fusion, Pettoos, The Waffle Truck, Scoopalicious, and many others.
s administration. Riyadh? Emirates, Etihad Airways, Qatar Airways, Turkish Airlines, Saudi Arabian Airlines, Royal Jordanian , Kuwait Airways, EgyptAir and Royal Air Maroc ? Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen, ? The United States has ended a four- month ban on passengers carrying laptops onboard US- bound flights from certain airports in the Middle East and North Africa, bringing to an end one of the controversial travel restrictions imposed by President Donald Trump? ?
@ pinkvilla ? Kangana Ranaut was injured after being accidentally struck by a prop sword on the sets of her new film, Manikarnika - The Queen Of Jhansi. ? Oh- No! . The examining doctor said that it was a close shave for her because the cut was too close to her bone, ? # kanganaranaut # instantbollywood # bollywood A post shared by Instant Bollywood ( @ instantbollywood) on Jul 20, 2017 at 12: 25am PDT Speaking to Pinkvilla, Kangana said, ? s life.
Air India, along with its subsidiaries Air India Express and Alliance Air, registered 185 cases of violations where punitive measures were taken against the crew in 2014, 2015 and 2016. Market leader IndiGo recorded three cases during this period. But over the years there has been a decline in such instances, the government said. "
Chaudhary tweeted. Filmmaker Ashwini Chaudhary, was in touch with the state government and had approached other members of the fraternity to help Panchal. s Jolly LLB 2. ? ? s family.
Nearly 200 cops, 13 days and a couple of encounters, this story of kidnapping of a Delhi- based doctor and his dramatic rescue is nothing less than a Bollywood crime thriller. Srikanth Goud, who originally hails from Hyderabad, was travelling home in a Ola cab on July 6 night when he was kidnapped.
free Wi- Fi? Verma said. A month after the WiFi facility was launched, Hindustan Times visited the village and found that while the internet facility was working fine, most villagers were disappointed with the civic infrastructure. It would have been better if the government would fixed this instead of spending on improving internet connectivity, ? ? he said. s non- cooperative attitude.
Manpreet' s urine sample ' A' collected during the first leg of the Asian Grand Prix at Jinhua ( China) on April 24 has also been found to have stimulant dimethylbutylamine in it. She has been handed provisional suspension by the AFI. The IAAF World Championships will be hosted by London from August 5 to 13.
A military statement on Wednesday said another seven people, including two soldiers, were wounded, and that Pakistani forces returned fire. It said the Indian attack was unprovoked, and violated a 2003 cease- fire agreement in the Himalayan region, which is split between Indian and Pakistani zones. The two sides frequently trade fire across the heavily militarised Line of Control.
32 polling stations including the one in Parliament House were set up in various states. The results for the race to the Rashtrapati Bhavan will be out officially by 5 PM. A principle of proportional representation is followed under which the elector has to mark preferences against the names of the candidates. With the backing of NDA, the Dalit leader and former Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind is set to cross the halfway- mark and get more than 60 per cent votes. The results of presidential election, for which close to 99 percent MPs and MLAs had voted on Monday, will be declared tomorrow. Besides parties belonging to the NDA, Janata Dal- United ( JD- U) , Biju Janata Dal, Telengana Rashtra Samithi in Telangana, different factions of AIADMK, and the YSR Congress ( 1.
? UIDAI ( The Unique Identification Authority of India) has taken note of the same and is regularly monitoring the status to get the Aadhaar data removed from the said websites, ? he added. robust way? he said.
After few hours some people came to our house with his body, ? ? They were brought to Jantar Mantar by All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee which is holding agitation at Jantar Mantar since past two days demanding complete loan waver of farmers Pallavi Panwar, 15, who too lost her father after he killed self unable to pay bank? he said. s loan, said, ? no.
Within eight months of the operation Zion was using scissors and crayons and after a year he was able to swing a baseball bat with both hands ? ? said Dr Sandra Amaral, a member of the team at the Philadelphia hospital. s different is instead of no hands, I have two hands. While functional outcomes are positive and the boy is benefitting from his transplant, this surgery has been very demanding for this child and his family, ? I? ve never seen Zion cry. s bravery. he said.
It? s happened again. A public vote to name four trains running between the Swedish cities of Stockholm and Gothenburg has resulted in one of the four being called Trainy McTrainface in an echo of the name chosen by the British public for the new polar research vessel. .
The Basant Lok complex, popularly known as Priya? said a DDA official. But with fast depleting infrastructure and civic amenities, the area was losing competition to nearby malls. ? the official said.
Newly- appointed India head coach Ravi Shastri feels he has " matured immensely" in the last two weeks, a period that saw dramaticdevelopments leading upto his appointment to the high- profile job. I feel have matured a lot in the last two weeks, " said Shastri at the pre- departure press conference for the series. There is track record there. I do not need to elaborate too much on what he is good at. He knows the boys better than I do. "
. He was long past his sexual prime when he developed the disease in 2005, by which time officials began describing the possibility of bringing a mating partner for him as ? Tejas Mariswamy, the zoo? s move was in tune with the worldwide decision to stop hybridisation of big cats after the Alipore Zoo, Kolkata, had experimented with litigons ( a cross between a lion and a tigress) and tigons ( a tiger and a lioness) in the 1970s . ? dangerous?
Ahir said. ? The minister was responding to a supplementary question by Congress leader Digvijaya Singh, who asked if the central government was planning to modify the CrPC and IPC to deal with mob lynching in the name of cow protection which he said was ? BJP people? Samajwadi Party leader Naresh Agrawal, who had asked the primary question on cow vigilantism, accused ?
The Indian delegation led by Mehrishi told the British authorities that whoever is extradited from the UK, he or she will be lodged in a proper jail with facilities on par with European jails, said the official, who did not want to be quoted. This was conveyed by Union Home Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi to his British counterpart Patsy Wilkinson, the second permanent secretary in the British Home Office, during a meeting last week in London. default on loans worth nearly Rs 9, 000 crore, has been in Britain since March, 2016. economic offenders? back to India.
I didn? Doshi is now set to overtake that record when he starts his two- year training as a junior doctor at York Teaching Hospital in August. ? The following year I realised that I already knew a lot of what was being taught so I skipped a year, ? said Doshi.
The incident took place late on Monday night. Five people have been booked and two of them arrested by Navi Mumbai Police for stopping a tempo which was carrying meat despite the fact that the driver had a certificate to show that it was not beef, but buffalo meat being transported legally. Last week, India Today- Aajtak carried out a sting operation on gau rakshaks from Mumbai and Maharashtra exposing the extortion racket they were running. Also read | PIL filed in Bombay High Court seeking 24- hour helpline against cow vigilantes
religious soldiers? s international president Pravin Togadia was also present. They will be selected from among trained Bajrang Dal activists and will be responsible for controlling cow smuggling and love jihad. ?
Or, they can be captured. Liu Youfa, former Chinese Consul General in Mumbai and now a strategic affairs expert, told state broadcaster China Central Television' s English- language channel on Wednesday, " When people in uniform get across the border and move into territory of another country, they naturally become the enemies who have to face three consequences. " These are the three possibilities. " Also read: Doklam standoff: China says no bilateral talks with India till impasse is resolved
During the day- long hearing, the bench, also comprising Justices J Chelameswar, S A Bobde, R K Agrawal, Rohinton Fali Nariman, Abhay Manohar Sapre, D Y Chandrachud, Sanjay Kishan Kaul and S Abdul Nazeer, said, " Right to privacy is an amorphous right and not absolute. . Liberty is the fundamental value of our Constitution. , " he asked. The counsel assailed the contention of Attorney General K K Venugopal that right to privacy was a " common law right" and not the fundamental one and said it " went much beyond the common law" as it was inherently attached to the basic rights of life and liberty. " The expression person includes the body as well as the inviolate personality and the privacy really is intended to indicate the realm of inviolable sanctuary that most of us sense in our beings. " If a bank has sought personal details for disbursing loans then it could not be said to be an infringement of right to privacy, it said, adding that the issues like ones sexual orientation and the bedroom details were covered under right to privacy.
A patient? Gudia Bai? ? When Pradeep approached the doctor who had operated Gudia Bai, she was assured treatment in a private hospital but later asked to leave the hospital. Pradeep told reporters here.
New Delhi, Jul 19 ( PTI) National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI) today granted in- principle approval for construction of Delhi- Panipat and Delhi- Alwar Regional Rapid Transit Systems ( RRTS) projects worth Rs 53, 500 crore, a government official said. A ground survey for aligning the two RRTS projects has already been done by NCRTC and building them along national highways would significantly reduce construction time by over three years besides bringing down costs substantially since land acquisition would not be required, the official quoted Mishra as saying in the meeting. DDA Vice- Chairman Uday Pratap Singh, National Capital Regional Transport Corporation ( NCRTC) MD V K Singh and senior officials of the ministry and concerned organisations also attended the hour- long meeting.
no interference? s Founder Chairman Prathap C Reddy said: ? Apollo Hospitals said on Tuesday there was ? ?
to June 16. s response, a copy of which is with HT, revealed that even Elavarasi was allowed 10 visits during this period. Former director general of police ( prisons) ST Ramesh said any information about Sasikala being allowed the alleged privileges was likely to influence public opinion. ? he said. he added.
? State Finance? According to the report, some of departments which made the highest expenditure without budget provision include the Social Welfare department, which spent Rs 533. 65 crore. 13 crore.
? said Negi. Shimla superintendent of police DW Negi said a fight broke out between Rajendra and Surat around midnight inside the lock up. Surat Singh? s Kotkhai died in police custody early Wednesday, triggering violent clashes across the state that saw a mob burn down a police station and pelt stones at security personnel. twitter. s home minister who is facing several cases of corruption, has come under criticism from even his own party men for the slow progress in the investigation.
ll let Obamacare fail. s signature legislative achievement. And I think we? Let Obamacare fail and it will be a lot easier. The president received a chastening lesson about the limit of his power on Monday night as he hosted senators for a White House dinner, reportedly of steak and succotash. We? Donald Trump said Republicans should ? t see how any Republican senator who voted just 18 months ago for this very piece of legislation could now flip- flop 18 months on with Obamacare still inflicting so much harm on Americans, and the fact that we campaigned on this for four straight elections. ? It will be various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the same week, but probably the same day. . he said.
Roger follows cricket. s shining example of sporting longevity was at hand to witness the Swiss maestro sweep to a record eighth Wimbledon triumph aged 35. tremendous athlete? READ? | ? ? It is just about when you are looking to be competitive, it is the age when you are looking to push hard and sometimes cross the line.
no problems? Ravi Shastri takes subtle dig at Sourav Ganguly- led Cricket Advisory CommitteeKohli had initially rubbished reports of a rift between Kumble and the Indian team, saying during the ICC Champions Trophy that there were ? READ? | ? My job is to do exactly that for every player, to put him in a frame of mind only about his role; he is thinking about the team that he is playing for and of course the opposition, which we always respect. ?
fight club? s gang ? shuts down. Hoterene and his fellow organisers hope some of the lingering anger can be punched out in the boxing ring, but its been a challenge to get venues and some members of the community on board. ? I? the statement said.
Russia? . Spinners ? The announcement, accompanied by warnings not to buy spinners on the street and to check them for chemical smells, came after fearmongering over the toys on state television. ? Donald Trump?
it said. The report stated further, ? As before, Pakistan figured on the list of countries in the report that the US says provide safe haven to terrorist groups such as Haqqani Network, LeT and JeM. ? LeT? it said, ? . !
s son Meezan in his home production. Bhansali has earlier launched star kids Ranbir Kapoor and Sonam Kapoor, who also worked as assistant directors with him. The filmmaker?
? # CCTVVisuals: TDP MP JC Diwakar Reddy created ruckus at Visakhapatnam airport today, allegedly raged against staff using aggressive behaviour pic. twitter. The decision came after Reddy met officials from the airline in a meeting in New Delhi set up by Union minister for science and technology, YS Chowdary. Justice SV Bhatt, who admitted Reddy? urgent notices?
Manodhairya? ? For other cases, the monetary help will be Rs3 lakh, Rs2 lakh and Rs1 lakhUnder the old scheme, the state government would give a maximum of Rs3 lakh to survivors who suffered from complete disfigurement of the face or physical handicap in case of an acid attack, while those with minor injuries were getting Rs50, 000. Of this, 25% or Rs2. she said.
All that needs to be done is download the mAadhaar application on Android phone first, and then login with Aadhaar details. This will ensure that the your details are much safer than ever. This will be possible via the newly launched mAadhaar application by the Unique Authentication of India ( UIDAI) . Further, you will be able to secure biometric authentication by locking biometrics data. Also Read:  Before filing Income Tax returns, use these steps to link Aadhaar number with PAN cardmAadhaar app also allow you to lock or unlock their biometrics data. - - Visit nearest Aadhar Center - - Fill the Aadhaar Data update or correction form- - Provide ID proof along with the Form
When she made her film debut in 2015, Bhumi Pednekar was the antithesis of the Bollywood heroine ? They don? ? tulsi? ve controlled yourself, you are not going and relieving yourself from a process that is as natural as breathing? t believe that it is a necessity and a right. s times, it needs to be entertaining, yes, but if you have a chance of giving a message or changing a mindset, why not? If it was tough for me, imagine how much we are hurting the self- respect and dignity of women who are actually going through this every day. In today? s lives?
Ed Sheeran? ? s lovely, he? s a big fan of the show and was really excited to be a part of it. He?
? s frequent foreign trips. He said the post against Modi led to outrage on Twitter, with a complaint on the official Mumbai police Twitter handle too. .
READ? It isn? I can? But that desire continued and instead of bowling in matches, I used to fulfill all my desires at the nets, bowling from 17 yards ( and) sometimes also pretended to be a Dennis Lillee at the nets. t know. ?
The case was registered on June 10. The high- speed train from Mumbai to Goa, the fastest so far between the two cities, made its first trip amid much fanfare in May. A Dadar resident was on Tuesday arrested for breaking and damaging an LCD screen on the Mumbai- Goa Tejas Express last month. Keer, however, had himself booked on seat 54.
said Manoj Agrawal, a textile trader. During the meeting, Jaitley assured us that the issue of the Goods and Services Tax on cloth will be taken up in the next GST Council meeting to be held on August 5. ? he said.
. Islam can? my dear shami sir do not look at the smallness of the sin, rather look at the one whom you are disobeying, ? ? | ? sin? The trolling on social network came a day after Jadavpur police arrested three youths for allegedly attacking Shami late on July 22 when he was returning home to Katju Nagar, behind South City Mall. re Muslim.
Malayalam media giant, Mathrubhumi has now decided to announce ' First Day of Period' leave for its employees. As many as 75 out of the 320 employees with Matrubhumi channel are women. The first day of period leave will be an additional leave for the women employees and will not be considered as casual leave or sick leave. When this other firm came forward with the idea, we felt that it was a very good and practical practice to adopt.
( Young Women? With the aim to engage and mobilise young women in the age group of 18- 25 years, the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) in Delhi has planned to set up ? Following Ram Lal? ? Yuvti Prakoshth? The members of the Youth Wing have been asked to prepare a list of women in the age group of 18- 25 years and are willing to work for the outfit.
i am so mad smh # naomiscott # Aladdin? Disney? ? ! GOODBYE, ARAB REPRESENTATION! Chehak ( @ Chehak96) July 15, 2017what the actual hell, why did they pick a white girl to play a MIDDLE EASTERN princess? # Aladdin # NotMyJasmine pic. .
s US election. m an analyst; I? It is not merely perfectly normal, it is part of a president? While it is true that the dinner was well known and covered by the news media, the press at large did not know about the private conversation between Putin and Trump. Putin? ? Press knew! t make sense. I said, look, we can? absolutely not?
Former Chief Financial Officer of Infosys, T V Mohandas Pai said such " exaggerated" reports are based on a few events and there are attempts to blow them up. " Yes, some people have anxiety, based upon all the media hype. Hyderabad, Jul 18 ( PTI) The reports of job insecurity leading to high levels of anxiety and depression among information technology professionals in India are baseless and exaggerated as there are no large scale layoffs, says a senior figure in the IT industry. The two big companies ( TCS and Infosys) have given their results.
prompting a search. Gerrard Paul Greenhalgh ? ? I had a phone with me but I fell from such a height into the water it was unretrievable. Nicholls said his kneecap was destroyed in the fall and would need a complete reconstruction.
Politician K Krishnaswamy wants Kamal Haasan to apologise for Gayathri' s comment. One of the contestants, Gayathri Raghuram used the word cheri ( which mean slum dweller) for a co- contestant, which received a lot of criticism from the viewers. The channel cannot say it was a mistake.
Sri Lanka? ? Arjuna Ranatunga says India vs Sri Lanka World Cup final was fixed, wants probeSri Lanka, batting first, scored 274- 6 off 50 overs and appeared in a commanding position when Indian superstar Sachin Tendulkar was caught for 18. . | ? Pressure has since been mounting for an inquiry into the shock defeat, with a former cricket captain and a previous sports minister going public with their suspicions that Sri Lanka deliberately lost the match. READ?
Queen of Mumbai? Mumbai? I ran the idea past Yash Raj Films ( producers of DDLJ) , who agreed and that is how this was planned. Actors Siddhant Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor and Ankur Bhatia with director Apoorva Lakhia ( second from left) launch the trailer of film Haseena Parkar at Maratha Mandir on Tuesday. ?
After making his splash on television as the host of reality show Bigg Boss, the Dasavatharam star is all set to be seen in a new role ? I am glad the team owners chose me. ? Follow @ htshowbiz for more
? said agriculture minister Pandurang Fundkar. Based on the success of the directives, the government has decided to make it mandatory for all the sugar factories to implement the drip irrigation for sugarcane crop after June 2019. ? 05 lakh hectare sugarcane crop under drip irrigation in next two years in addition to the current cover of 2. 42 lakh hectares across the state. Fundkar said.
As part of the Centre? However, for this purpose, they would need an additional 2, 800 cameras on both the suburban railway sections. s cabins for the same. The plan was prepared accordingly.
The Tamil Nadu government on Wednesday raised the monthly salary of MLAs from Rs 55, 000 to Rs 1. Ayyakannu said. ? Chief minister Edapaddi Palanisami, who in April sought time from farmers to address their problems, announced the hike in the salary and perks in the state assembly that will be effective from July 1. 50 crore per year. BJP?
According to reports, the scene was removed from the film following objections by regional censor board. So, there is no need for such publicity. We shot something and I am seeing something else here. " Speaking to the media, Sanjjanaa said, " We are figuring out who is behind the leak and will give a complete clarification once director Srinivasa Raju, who is in Hyderabad ahead of its Telugu release, returns to Bengaluru. "
One of the most active Bollywood stars on social media, who keeps giving his fans an opportunity to know him better today shared a picture from his 40 year old hit film Khoon Pasina, where he is seen fighting a tiger. . pic. Big B captioned the Instagram image as, ? ?
Lalu, who heads the Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) , tweeted from his handle, @ laluprasadrjd: " Spoke with Mayawati Ji in ( sic) length. Amid tension and division within the Opposition, Lalu Prasad has offered to consolidate Dalit votes by making a significant gesture: offer Mayawati a Rajya Sabha seat from Bihar, a day after the Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) chief resigned in protest after she was not allowed to speak in the House. We are with her, " he said. " Her current term will end in April next year and her party, with just 18 MLAs in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly, is not in a position to send her back to Rajya Sabha. "
The Guardian has also learned that the number of medallists who will be re- allocated medals at London 2017 will be significantly increased to include non- British athletes, with discussions taking place about when to hold the special ceremonies. s a fitting decision ? Triple world champion. Alle- bloody- luia. However much it drove me on for what I was about to achieve in my first Olympics in London in my heart I just knew it was wrong. ?
Bieber? Fonsi said in a statement that streaming has helped his music reach every corner of the planet. 38 billion plays. s success.
86 metres. 1. India? | ? Since the stimulant comes under the specified category of the World Anti- Doping Agency ( WADA) , she will not be debarred from competing in the global meet as there is no mandatory provisional suspension for testing positive for this substance. s medal haul at Asian Junior Judo ChampionshipsAfter winning the continental title in Bhubaneswar she said her focus was to repeat her personal best of 18. Judoka Preeti leads India?
Cinelovers were shocked when Aamir Khan' s Dangal did not make it to the list of the IIFA 2017 nominations. Those forms are then put out to the industry for voting and from there it becomes a nomination. He added, " We would love Dangal to be a part of it. We feel sad. " While Neerja took home the award for Best Film, Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury won Best Director for his hard- hitting courtroom drama, Pink.
fair and handsome? can? ( AFP)  						Hours after Nawazuddin tweeted a cryptic message on racism in Bollywood, it was widely reported that Chouhan, in an interview to a daily, had said that after Chitrangada Singh quit the film they had to find an actress who could look good opposite the actor as they ? ? I was completely misquoted. I don?
? Photo)  						Before challenging the order, the 80- year- old Shurhozelie had indicated the dissidents wanted to deny him the chance to contest the July 29 by- election to the Northern Angami- I seat. undemocratic style of functioning? s Bayavu Hill. On Tuesday night, after the governor sought a floor test, the Shurhozelie camp of NPF issued a whip to all its 47 MLAs for Wednesday? nepotism? ( HT? .
? The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) demolished 40 illegal food and clothing stalls and razed extensions of more than 100 stores near Santacruz station on Tuesday. The BMC also took action against at least 100 stores on these roads that had put up illegal sheds. s permission.
Khera had demanded Rs20 lakh upfront for not selling the data to a rival company. He allegedly tried to extort Rs8crore from the owner of the company using it. said Shah. ? The police searched Khera?
s disappointing. It? Clothier said that while the retail value was put at £ 800 it is possible that they could be worth much more if the right wealthy cheese- loving customers were found. The judges at the Yeovil show had crowned the two hefty blocks of cheese champion and reserve champion and the specimens were being left in a marquee overnight so that they could be admired by members of the public next day. ? rounded flavour? .
The company has also requested its dealers not to buy any phones made in China. Meanwhile, China has reportedly moved ' tens of thousands of tonnes' of military vehicles and equipment to Tibet under the pretext of two defence exercises held on the plateau in recent weeks. Every citizen should come forward and boycott Chinese products, " Managing Director of Rudra TMX, Nikhil Gupta told Divya Bhaskar. Should India be scared?
5 kg for Class 1 and II; 2- 3 kg for Classes III to V; 4 kg for Classes VI and VII; 4. The order also said that there should be no homework for primary school students and all work pertaining to exercises given at the end of each unit or lesson in textbooks should be done during school hours under supervision of teachers. the order said. ? association president P Achyuta Rao said.
Jab satta paksh mujhe apni baat rakhne ka bhi samay nahi de raha hai toh mera isteefa dena hi theek hai ( If the ruling party is not going to allow me to speak, then it? ? Given that her party has just 19 MLAs in the 403 member- strong assembly, the Dalit leader is unlikely to get any seat in the biennial polls in April. When Mayawati tried to talk, she was told we have got the mandate. Read | What BSP chief Mayawati? s remarks.
five rotis, mixed vegetable, rice, pickles and green chilies ( and desert on Sundays) ? Poll- bound Gujarat has joined the likes of Tamil Nadu, Odisha and Rajasthan by coming out with its own version of canteens for providing meals to the poor at a highly subsidised rate. This is probably the first of its kind scheme for labourers, especially the homeless who do not have fuel and utensils for cooking. ? Amma Canteens? Aahar?
Delhi government? The underground metro station at Sarai Kale Khan will be operational by next year and will connect the commuters with almost every part of the capital. ? The Delhi government will also develop the area around it, so that it is accessible from private and public modes of transport. We don? a PWD official said.
He approached the police and gave details of her local address, " Saharan said. Her mobile phone, Facebook and social networking site conversations are being examined by investigating teams. " Meanwhile, Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal spoke to his Haryana counterpart Manohar Lal Khattar seeking proper probe into the death. ALSO READ: Mumbai: Bhojpuri actress hangs herself in Andheri residence
I can assure you that inspection of beef from the neighbouring state will be done by a proper and authorised medical doctor, and not others, ? ? Parrikar also said around 2, 000 kg of beef was slaughtered daily at the state? Parrikar said. s population.
Even as the downpour in the city continued on Tuesday leading to commuter woes, Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday defended the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) and blamed the rain instead. he said. t witness much water logging this year so far and expressed confidence that Mumbai would not get submerged. ? I don? s boycott.
Tuesday. DM BN Singh told PTI that illegal mining was detected on two plots in Sikandarpur and Murshadpur along Yamuna river and around 18, 126 cubic metres of sand was recovered from the sites. An FIR has been lodged and notices worth Rs 70 lakh have been issued to the plot owners, he said.
operational significance? Tuesday. ? The minister said a number of steps have been taken to expedite the road projects such as setting up of a high level empowered committee, headed by the Union home secretary, to review and monitor the progress of border infrastructure projects regularly.
tens of thousands of tonnes? twitter. Earlier this week, state- run CCTV beamed footage of PLA troops from a mountain brigade engaged in a military exercise with live ammunition in the Tibet region. The reports did not say whether China moved the equipment to support military drills held in Tibet, including in the middle and lower reaches of the Yarlung Zangbo river, close to the border of India? ? he told SCMP. illegal trespass? .
5 Red FM. Read: RJ Malishka hits back at BMC, tweets she has six more songs readyThey submitted a letter to BMC commissioner Ajoy Mehta, saying the video maligned the image of Mumbai and the BMC, and also dented the confidence of several thousand of BMC employees who work hard to keep the city afloat during the rains. s traffic or the functioning of its railways. Sarvankar said, ? Read more: RJ?
s top spy agency. Pakistan? s supreme court has begun hearings that will decide the future of the prime minister, Nawaz Sharif, who is fighting for his job and contesting a damning corruption report by an investigative panel. . ? Khan told supporters.
The unnamed BCCI committee comprising acting president CK Khanna, acting secretary Amitabh Choudhary and CoA member Diana Edulji met at the board headquarters in Mumbai. All appointments have been made for a two year term. Bharat Arun has made a comeback into the Indian dressing room as he has been appointed bowling coach by the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI) on Tuesday. I would like to thank the CAC because it is a privilege and honour to be India' s coach.
I want to ask ( Opposition) what kind of mindset is this. " SHIV SENA TRYING TO MALIGN GANDHI? Addressing reporters after filing nomination papers for the post of the vice president of India, Gandhi said, " I feel that the death penalty and capital punishment belong to the medieval ages. . twitter.
s countries. Thank you for everything. Pakistani couple Kanwal Siddiq and Anam with their son Rohaan. The Lahore- based couple will take a flight back home on Tuesday evening after a month long stay in India, which was made possible after multiple interventions by the minister for external affairs Sushma Swaraj. ? I could even go as far as to say that it is the big heart of Sushma Swaraj that his pumping blood into Rohaan? Kanwal said.
Even now ( 5. Children in at least three schools along the Line of Control ( LoC) in the Nowshera sector of Rajouri district were trapped on Tuesday as the Pakistan army pounded Indian posts and forward villages along the de- facto border in neighbouring Poonch, prompting India to retaliate in equal measure. ? , Choudhary said. Schools in 23 villages close to the LoC have been closed indefinitely and 3, 500 people have been moved to relief camps, he said, adding that close to 5, 000 people have been affected by the shelling. 45 am. Defence spokesperson Lt Col Manish Mehta said on Tuesday morning, there was unprovoked ceasefire violation by Pakistan in Bhimber Gali and Poonch sectors from 6.
We have reiterated our position, " Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said. " On the briefing with the foreign diplomatic missions in Beijing, Lu said: " The illegal trespass by the Indian border personnel has drawn extensive attention from the international community. " " Many foreign diplomatic missions in China said they were shocked by this and wanted to confirm whether it was true with the Chinese side, " he said. " ALSO READ:
turn a beautiful recreational park and sacred mountain into an industrial zone? We do not believe that our activities have, or will, significantly disrupt the peace and beauty of the gorge, ? Talisman? closed loop system? . s North Island. said Chowles. s general manager of operations Wayne Chowles said the company planned to begin extracting small amounts of gold early next year, but locals in opposition to the scheme have sprung into action, saying the mining project threatens the ? ?
Somalia? University studies were disrupted. The internet outage also complicated efforts to combat a nationwide drought that has half of the country? ? t access online paperwork. said Nur Hussein.
s arrest and unraveling of the gang came after a Gurgaon resident Dhrishti Bhasin complained at Sector 56 police station that someone had withdrawn Rs50, 000 from her account using a debit card on May 25. s expenses, ? ? Police is also on the look out of a person, who had taught card cloning to Jat, which led to his entry into this trade. Raghav? said Kuhar.
activism? autocratic and authoritarian? They students set fire to the order signed by the chief proctor that claims 14 students have been restricted from registering for the new semester. . ?
Inspector Kiran Kabadi of the Palghar police said they used an iron rod, screwdriver and other small weapons to break the wall and entered the shop through the same hole. t touch a safe full of gold, and they do so when the CCTV cameras were switched off ? ? s owner was hospitalised. Kabadi said.
We had made several appeals to the Greater Noida authority, which is responsible for taking down illegal posters and banners in the city, but there has been no definitive action taken by the authority against defacers. he added. ? s residence board. Bhati said. said Bhati.
Residents? Earlier in June, the traffic police had appealed to residents through social networking sites to assist them in reducing traffic congestion. The Noida traffic police imparted road safety training to 20 volunteers on Sunday who will assist them in reducing vehicular congestion and curbing traffic violations in their respective residential areas. Officials said that the volunteers will also be given reflector jackets for their safety and identification. The department has two traffic inspectors, two traffic sub- inspectors, 38 head constables and 113 constables in the district.
New Delhi, Jul 17 ( PTI) The authorities have postponed the demolition of a temple, allegedly built illegally at east Delhis Shahdara, due to " administrative reasons" , the police said today. We have received a letter from the Public Works Department ( PWD) communicating the change of date, " said a senior police official.
signal? and it will become clear after the votes are counted on July 20. Leader of opposition Vijender Gupta, who was the polling agent for Kovind, said that AAP MLAs were deeply ? ? While BJP? he added.
The list comprises renowned schools such as Cambridge School, Kothari International School, Modern Public School, Millennium School, Apeejay Public School, Shiv Nadar School and Delhi Public School. The schools have been given a two- day window to initiate the admission process. ? said Verma.
Two years before, a woman had moved a plea before the TADA court seeking its permission to get married to the gangster . ? said Shah. ( With PTI inputs)
said Desai. ? We bought the apartment in 1977 and after 40 years, we are being told that our house will be demolished. Flat buyers who will lose their homes following the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) order to reduce the height of 70 buildings in the flight path of aircraft said they were being made scapegoats by the authorities. .
READ: Unfazed by censure, Maharashtra? s decision. Two municipal bodies and an association of industries will have to pay Rs96 crore for polluting the Ulhas River in Thane, after the Supreme Court vacated a Bombay high court order that had put on hold the penalty. . ? he said
Qadir said. Peeyush Khandelwal ( @ journopk) July 15, 2017# Ghaziabad: Police behavior of Vijay Nagar personnel with injured boy and his mother as they are sent to hospital on July 14 @ httweets pic. twitter. ? However, the policemen kept him waiting for nearly 20 minutes and remained busy with their documentation and did not show up any urgency to rush him to a hospital. .
documented proof? moustache and beard? he would not? Even if he was a minor, he could have said no to the gifts ( immoveable properties) , which were given to him, ? That? , even as the JD( U) and the RJD attempted a political compromise after taking the Grand Alliance to the edge of a political precipice over CBI charges against the deputy CM, said to be a prime beneficiary of a hotel for land deal going back to the days when his father and RJD chief was railway minister. Janata Durbar? ?
The camps? The brothers had received threats over the last few months and were in the process of clearing out their hut to leave Tocopilla when they were set upon, Andrade said. ? It? she said.
The note, launched by the Bank of England at Austen? Austen becomes the first female writer ( following in the footsteps of William Shakespeare and Charles Dickens) to feature on a banknote. Turning to practical matters, he said: ? ? Austen, who wrote keenly about money, might have been interested in research from Aviva claiming that the £ 10 pound note has a relative purchasing power of only 13p compared with what it could buy in 1817. The new tactile feature is a series of raised dots in the top left- hand corner, developed in conjunction with the RNIB, the charity that supports people with sight loss. Austen?
Middle East Monitor? The sources could not give the exact country where Naik could be at present and said that he may be changing his base quite frequently after the NIA moved the Interpol for issuance of a Red Corner Notice ( RCN) , international arrest warrant, against him. The Interpol was approached against Naik after a year- long probe during which the NIA gathered evidence of his IRF and Peace TV being used to allegedly promote hatred between different religious groups. there are reasonable grounds to believe that Naik is evading arrest and that he will not voluntarily appear before the court or before the agency. ?
We had no Sikh MPs prior to this election. Parliament must reflect the people it serves, ? Preet Kaur Gill, who won the Edgbaston seat for the Labour party in the June 8 snap general election, was elected to the Home Affairs Select Committee in the UK Parliament. " At the end of an inquiry, the committee often produces a report setting out its findings and making recommendations to the UK government. .
I don? padding? Hope you are ready to hit the streets, # DingDang will be out today at 4: 30 pm you can also watch it exclusively on @ eros_ now : ) # MunnaMichael @ nidhhiagerwal @ sabbir24x7 @ vikirajani @ filmsnextgen A post shared by Tiger Shroff ( @ tigerjackieshroff) on Jun 18, 2017 at 11: 03pm PDT The 27- year- old, who is in Delhi to promote his next film, Munna Michael, was at his composed best throughout the interview but got visibly upset when he recalled the recent backlash that he faced. says Tiger. ? If you ask me, I might be a padding for the girls and I might help them and they might help me. . body slowed down.
A? Security personnel are deputed at every nook and corner of the Civic Centre and despite that two monkeys were able to get inside ? The unified Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) was trifurcated in 2012 into NDMC, SDMC and EDMC. ? the civic official said. Goel said.
There is a shortage of over 5 lakh police personnel in the country as compared to their overall sanctioned strength, the government told Parliament on Tuesday. minister of state for home Hansraj G Ahir said. ? he said.
Assistant engineer Abhimanyu Singh ( 32) was grievously injured. He later died, " he said. In June this year, a Delhi Police sub- inspector and three BSES employees were injured in stone- pelting by locals during an anti- power theft drive in outer Delhi' s Ranhola area. ISOLATED INCIDENTS " These are not isolated incidents. Also Read:
He spent more than an hour at the bank before escaping the same way he came, taking with him a pair of shoes, two pressure cookers, and a pan. A burglary at a State Bank of India branch in Pathankot has left everyone befuddled after the thief made away with the guard? Police are trying to identify the person using the footage.
merit cum means? It is a proud moment for the people of the national capital that Delhi will be the first state to provide fee waiver to students from families with income upto Rs 6 lakh per annum, ? Sisodia told reporters. ? Sisodia added.
In an overnight statement, Valais cantonal police said that two bodies bearing identity papers had been discovered last week by a worker on Tsanfleuron glacier near a ski lift above Les Diablerets resort at an altitude of 2, 615 metres ( 8, 600 feet) . their youngest daughter Marceline Udry- Dumoulin told the Lausanne daily Le Matin. After a while, we children were separated and placed in families. I can say that after 75 years of waiting this news gives me a deep sense of calm, ? ? Udry- Dumoulin said. t wear black.
s ITV and1. Netflix and chill? Netflix doesn? and said it was the result of ? good quarter? The remarkable change in the way the world watches TV has been underlined by new data from Netflix showing that more than 100 million people worldwide now subscribe to the streaming service. ? Netflix? Market capitalisation of major media brandsApple $ 786bnAmazon $ 483bnDisney $ 163bnNetflix $ 78bn21st Century Fox $ 50. 7bnTwitter $ 14.
However, a Lahore high court recently objected to the ban saying that a ban on anti- Pakistan content is understandable, but a blanket ban is not needed. The blanket ban had been put in place last October. The court said that " the world has become a global village" and asked how long " unreasonable restrictions" can be imposed, Dawn reported.
New Delhi, Jul 18 ( PTI) Over 36 lakh bank accounts have seen cash deposits of Rs 10 lakh or more in a financial year, Parliament was informed today. Rule 114E of the Income Tax Rules says banks, including cooperative banks, have to report to taxmen cash deposits aggregating to Rs 10 lakh or more in a financial year, in one or more accounts ( other than a current account and time deposit) of a person.
0 mg/ kg requirement. s Cedar Wood State flip- flop range and offering customers a full refund. In February, the company pulled a range of The Walking Dead T- shirts from its stores after complaints of racism from customers. ? However, a Primark spokesman said: ? It has come to our attention that the footwear product detailed above does not meet the Primark usual high standards for chemical compliance.
It' s been a week since Dileep was arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy and the actor has moved the Kerala High Court for a bail. Mukesh told the investigation team that he came to know about the incident through media reports. However, Mukesh fired Suni after he had problems with his behaviour and driving. ALSO READ: Kerala actress abduction case- HC accepts Dileep' s bail plea, hearing on July 20ALSO READ: Kerala actress abduction case- Dileep' s official website hacked?
I didn? recalls Bhumi. I? Toilet: Ek Prem Kath? It was my mom and sister, who came from the other room and were very excited to tell me that I have bagged the role. ? This year, Bhumi is looking forward to the release of two films, one with Akshay Kumar ?
female players. As of 17 July, the LPGA will crack down on athletic wear following a 2 July email to all players from LPGA player president Vicki Goetze- Ackerman, which detailed an extensive list of clothing that will no longer be allowed on course and at pro- am parties on the tour. slut- shaming? s policy of ? ? Former European men?
We dont think its over 1, 000. They hold no meaningful territory in Nangarhar province. His death will further disrupt the groups plans to expand its operations in Afghanistan, " he said, adding that this is the third time in the past year that US forces in Afghanistan have killed a sitting leader of ISIS- K. " Killed in a kinetic strike on July 11 in Kunar, Abu Syed was the overall ISIS- K Amir in Afghanistan for only six weeks, issuing operational guidance, financial management and acting as the primary decision- maker for operations with ISIS- throughout Afghanistan, " he said. " s expansion plans. "
t plan to come back on Instagram any time soon because she feels that people have been humiliating her a lot on social media. Mera Instagram account hack ho gaya hai. They think I am a slut. ? adds Rakhi.
Bollywood actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui? s recent cryptic tweet created a furore as it hinted at him being discriminated in the film industry on the basis of his skin colour. ? Nawaz sir has a huge fan following and wherever I go with him, female fans are more eager to meet the ? Gangs Of Wasseypur? It?
. honour? I would like to assure the people of the country that, on being elected, I will uphold the traditions and standards set by the worthy predecessors. ? Naidu, who was flanked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party veteran LK Advani when he filed his nomination in the parliament complex, said the candidature was an ? he added.
Only five cases were found to be eligible for monetary relief in J& K. On the other hand, Assam, which accounted for less than a third of the complaints, received the largest proportion ( 48% ) of monetary relief recommended by the government. defence forces? Meghalaya and Tripura received recommendations of monetary relief to the tune of Rs 22 lakh against six and eight cases respectively. ? death in army encounter? Nayak said. and ? he explained.
says Shetty. He has been away from the big screen for three years and will be next seen playing the antagonist in ? 5? # MyDaddyStrongest 5? His daughter Athiya made her film debut while son Ahan will soon step into Bollywood and actor Suniel Shetty has said that he is completely immersed in guiding his children in their respective careers now. @ suniel. ? s upcoming untitled production.
She made her Bollywood debut with The Hero: Love Story of a Spy in 2003 and was later seen Andaaz and Mujhse Shaadi Karogi, among other films. keep shining . ! Take a break, even if its just for the day. ? Jacqueline Fernandez ( @ Asli_ Jacqueline) July 18, 2017Happy Birthday Dear @ priyankachopra . . pic. Love ya!
untoward incidents? An advisory with regard to untoward incidents over cattle, disturbance of law and order by miscreants in the name of cow protection, compulsory registration of an FIR for cognisable offences irrespective of territorial jurisdiction, and making available a copy of the FIR has been issued to states/ UTs, he said replying to a written question. . communal violence?
To create wealth in the country, entrepreneurship has to be promoted, Kant said adding the government has taken lot of steps especially for MSMEs. " New Delhi, Jul 18 ( PTI) The government has scrapped around 1, 200 complex laws and procedures for easy registration of startups to encourage entrepreneurs in the country, Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant today said. We have scrapped about 1, 200 laws which has never happened before, " Kant told reporters here at an event.
The village has only six to seven students from class 1- 8 who now study in other schools in the neighbouring villages, ? ? We even encourage the village elders to come and chat with us so that we are able to pass the time, ? Krishna Verma, who is the sole female teacher, said. Sanwarmal, the school? Sanwarmal said. he said.
? According to police, around 7. 30am on Tuesday, they got a call from a local alleging a youth had fallen off posh Dariya Mahal apartment in Napean Sea Road. The police are yet to ascertain whether this is a case of suicide or he was pushed from the 20th storey of the building.
abysmal? Bhai nice picture. . comment after loss) Not long ago, India pacer Mohammed Shami was subjected to similar treatment by cricket fans on social media, after a few fanatics attacked him on the internet platforms where he had posted a photo with his wife. s ? Irfan Pathan ( @ IrfanPathan) July 17, 2017( Read | One ball, three injuries: Bizarre cricketing incident in local match in Australia) Another person named MD Mojibur Rahman Majid wrote, ? Maybe you guys can learn a thing or two if you stop looking at your wife as if she? ? I think it? wrote Leizs Hol.
a five- judge bench headed by Chief Justice of India JS Khehar said. Our founding fathers have encompassed all rights. During the course of hearing today it has become essential for us to determine whether right to privacy is a fundamental right under the Constitution, ? attorney general KK Venugopal said. ? One can?
? Over 300 commissioners of the Income Tax department have been transferred recently by the government, a major reshuffle seen as an attempt to fine tune the working of the department. he said. preventive vigilance?
he added. Sources told Reuters last month that the NSE was in talks with the market regulator to settle the issue, in an effort to move ahead with its listing, and accept a penalty. Limaye said. ? So, I firmly believe even the co- location issue could have been managed a lot better. s image. Limaye said he had ?
shunting? re Daniel Radcliffe? s Road, when two men on a moped stole his bag and left him with a facial injury, reported the Evening Standard. I am? It was a bit of the surreal moment, I said ? ?
t wrong. and the best thing you can do is promote what you love, don? ? Comic and UN ambassador Lilly Singh has called on the Indian government to be more tolerant of satire after a popular comedy group was slapped with criminal charges over allegations that they insulted Prime Minister Narendra Modi. It? . Hindu India?
? t buy Made in China stationery, Mumbai schools tell studentsPrashant Bhatia, convener of Laghu Udyog Bharti, another RSS affiliate working to promote small and medium scale industries, has also joined the ? Whatsapp messages? we want to make the people aware of the sinister designs of the dragon and how by cooperating with us they can help deflate the Chinese ambitions, ? he said. Read more| Sikkim standoff: Don?
The accused identified as Father Saji Joseph, a resident of Kottiyoor, was absconding for the last three days, reports Malayala Manorama. Father Joseph was exposed after one of the children shared the ordeal with his parents. A compliant was filed based on the report by childline. Also Read:
s offer. There was a delay in issuing directives to the district banks, but now the Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank has written to all DCCBs, saying it will avail the finances for such loans, ? cooperation minister Subhash Deshmukh told HT. ? said Congress spokesperson Sachin Sawant.
While Dr Zakir Hussain polled 568 votes, N C Samantsinhar secured 14 votes. The Returning Officer found Radhakrishnan' s nomination valid and declared him unopposed to the office of the vice- president on April 25, 1952. V V Giri assumed the office of vice- president on May 13, 1967. ( Source: Election Commission of India) ALSO READ: Before Ram Nath Kovind vs Meira Kumar, a look at biggest, closest victory margins in presidential elections After two terms as vice- president, Dr Radhakrishnan was elected as the second President of India in 1962. Shankar Dayal Sharma succeeded R Venkataraman as the president and assumed office on July 25, 1992.
According to an India. The actor immediately alerted the theatre security after which the person was arrested. Priya is a noted singer- dancer who routinely features in Marathi films.
desi girl? A post shared by Priyanka Chopra ( @ priyankachopra) on Jul 15, 2017 at 8: 43pm PDT She is also the brand ambassador for Assam Tourism, has been keeping her fans and followers updated by posting pictures from her vacation on social media. Posers. . # thechopravacation # familyfirst # birthdayfeels? Happy family vacaaaaayyyyy. ! ? sOut @ siddharthchopra89 @ madhuchopra.
# RamboRemake # greatestactionheroofalltime # legend # irreplacable? s Siddharth Anand, Stallone? . Stallone has nothing against the project - - he publicly wished the team well on Instagram when it was announced - - but he wants them to do it ? ? ( They) don?
As per the block deal data available with NSE, PI Opportunities Fund 1, part of PremjiInvest, today purchased 62 lakh shares, or 3. 26 per cent stake, in FLFL. 92 crore, according to the data.
The direction came after a meeting with officers on the need to ensure a safe passage for the pilgrims, who set out from Haridwar on foot and are carrying holy water from the Ganges that they will offer at temples of Lord Shiva. ? Apart from, additional police reinforcements, drone, sniffer dogs and metal detectors will also be deployed to ensure top security. Read I Gurgaon gets ready for kanwar yatraThe police has also been advised to extend all possible help in setting up camps for the Kanwariyas away from the main road. Akil said.
said Dinesh Dakhave, Thermax workers union president. So, Gaikwad walked back to the village and contacted Shivdurg Mitra Pratishan of Lonavala and asked for technical help. ? The rescue team realised that they were short in man power, as Mane was stuck in an inaccessible spot and it was not easy to pull him out to safe area. However, he wasn? added Gaikwad.
s hill districts. Activists said police fired on them when they gheraoed the Mirik police station demanding release of a Gorkhaland supporter who was detained following a clash between agitators and Trinamool supporters. Darjeeling, known as the Queen of the Hills for its picturesque tourist spots, and other hill areas of the state are on the boil since the first week of June when the GJM launched an agitation over alleged attempts to impose Bengali in schools of the Gorkha- dominated hills. outside forces? 30 pm.
by Onkar Singh Lakhawat and another one by Prof KS Gupta on the Haldighati battle be included in the syllabus. s forces. versions of history earlier, and it was only bringing those leaders to the fore who were deliberately ignored by ? Debate on the outcome of the Battle of Haldighati? Atit se Sakshatkar? Sharma? nurtured baby?
The severe spine injury would have crushed many others, but didn? disappointment, wins gold at Para- Athletics WorldsRio Paralympics champion Zeljko Dimitrijevic of Serbia retained the title with a world record throw of 31. Hockey turf to para- sportsEven as he was coming to terms with the shattering accident, Saroha saw a silver lining after being introduced to para sports. 99m. ? This is my second medal in the world championships, but this one is special as I was able to increase my distance by around five metres from the 2015 edition, where too I got silver, ? s my time to give back to the sport, ? With six months?
A man has been arrested here after he was allegedly found extracting money from passengers on a train posing as a Travel Ticket Examiner ( TTE) , officials said. However, some frequent travellers soon got suspicious of his actions and alerted the GRP, he said.
The petition also demands that the government should collect information about the cow vigilant sanghathan and all police stations should have a list of all gaurakshaks in their jurisdiction. A public interest litigation has been filed in Bombay High Court asking for a 24- hour helpline for protection of life for trade and transport during Bakri Eid and against cow vigilantism. Last week a 36- year- old man carrying meat was beaten up by cow vigilant groups who insisted that it was beef. Also Read
He has also taught his son Subhash and several others the tricks of the trade of which has been a master. Besides, 42 other cases of robbery, NDPS, arms act, theft, pick- pocketing and house theft are registered against him in Sultanpuri police station alone. The accused, Nand Kishor alias Karate has been a dreaded history sheeter since the the last 25 years, operating in Sultanpuri area.
Popular comedian Kapil Sharma wished his former team member Sunil Grover on his birthday. Lots of love always : ) " Wish u a very happy birthday @ WhoSunilGrover paji . In a recent live chat on Twitter, Kapil had revealed that he missed spending time with his old team. . have an awesome kickass year. " ? ð?
New Delhi, Aug 1 ( PTI) More than 11. As on July 27, 11, 44, 211 PANs have been identified and deleted or de- activated in cases where multiple PANs were found allotted to one person, " the minister said. PAN is the key identifier of taxable entity and aggregator of all financial transactions undertaken by one person. " Replying to a question on recovery of undisclosed income post demonetisation, Gangwar said the Income Tax Department conducted searches in 900 groups of persons during November 2016 to March 2017, leading to seizure of Rs 900 crore and admission of undisclosed income of Rs 7, 961 crore.
s proposal to list the JeM chief, Indian diplomatic sources here had said that the pursuit of terrorism was not a ? In December last year, after China blocked India? one- shot affair? through all available mechanisms? .
seriously flawed? The president and our Congress are unified in our message to Russia: A better relationship, the lifting of sanctions will require Russia to reverse the actions that caused the sanctions to be imposed in the first place, ? congressional review? Moscow responded to a White House announcement last week that Trump intended to sign the bill, ordering a reduction in the number of U. S. diplomats in Russia. twitter. t think that was going to be helpful to our efforts, but that? s statement. ? Tillerson said. Pence said.
get it, ? . ll. A Russian television journalist was punched in the face live on air Wednesday as he reported on raucous annual celebrations by paratroopers in Moscow. s website.
Ease of doing business. . Industry players raised concerns over huge capital getting blocked in bank guarantees given as assurance to customs that the items imported by them on concessional duty rates will not be retailed in the market and will be used solely for making mobile phones. Ajay Kumar, Additional Secretary, Ministry of Electronics and IT who was present at the event, countered Mohindroos claim saying that there has been continuous improvement when it comes to doing business in India. " We are very elated that ( mobile production) in India has reached Rs 90, 000 crore, Vietnam is already at 3 lakh crore. This is not fair.
What I was watching was impossible to conceive, the image showed those amazing forces of nature interacting on a volcano, while the lightning brightened the whole scene. Volcano of Fire. s brute force. ? Velasco said.
Who will bear the financial burden? ? The government also wanted to install GPS in taxis and autorickshaws so that they could be tracked from the control room. Mumbai has around 45, 000 black and yellow taxisREADPanel wants more time to submit report on taxi fares to Maharashtra govt Mumbai RTOs deserted after crackdown on unauthorised agents, touts begins said AL Quadros, leader of Mumbai Taximens Union.
30am. ? A total of nine fire tenders from the fire departments in Gurgaon, Manesar and Maruti were dispatched and the fire was brought under control by 12. The Subros plant was opened in March. s incident.
Mumbai, Aug 1 ( PTI) The Maharashtra government is planning to relocate tigers from Vidarbha region to the sanctuaries elsewhere where their population is smaller, including the Sahyadri Tiger Reserve ( STR) . State forest minister Sudhir Mungantiwar told the Legislative Assembly today that the government had set up a committee to examine this issue, and a decision will be taken based on its recommendations.
One labourer died, another one was seriously injured and a third had a narrow escape after they were trapped in the soil while digging for a sewer pipe of the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram ( MCG) in Sector 43 on Monday evening. Sushant Lok SHO Gaurav Kumar said that the digging started on Monday. ? Jitender Singh Chauhan, BJP? This was an accident and we will try our best to compensate ( the victim? 2 lakh. The victim?
? This fresh infusion of funds will ensure that work, which had considerably slowed down, resumes. For the construction of the bridge, which was supposed to be ready for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, a budget of Rs1, 131 crore was sanctioned but till now Rs1, 575 crore have been spent. he said.
accepting BCCI? decision to make one- time payments to a few former women cricketers has left the Indian cricket board ( BCCI) in a bind as it is now being approached by more players seeking similar benefits. The feeling in the Board circles is that the CoA didn? responsibility? ? s World? Cup semis?
Atul Shah challenged the result. So it came as a shock that the MLA had lost the municipal corporation election. Chits were drawn. Lo and behold! Ward number 220 of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) has perhaps turned out to be the most keenly contested seat between BJP and Shiv Sena anywhere in Maharashtra in the just- concluded civic elections.
( Bizarre scenes as Matt Renshaw leaves batting crease with upset stomach) As captain Steve Smith was coming on the field to take strike he saw Renshaw running towards the pavillion. ( What a cacth! It was not an ideal situation to be in. " Renshaw was not too sure about the rules and did not know that he had to retire ill to go off the field in such a scenario. " I was not too sure on the ruling, " he explained. "
New Delhi, Feb 23 ( PTI) The ownership and control of AirAsia India would remain with Indian nationals under its Brand Licensing Agreement ( BLA) with its parent company, Malaysias AirAsia Berhad, aviation regulator DGCA said today. The DGCA report said " based on the review of BLA along with provisions of Aircraft Rules 1937 and definition of control as provided in FDI policy, I do not find that the terms and conditions laid down in BLA dilute the substantial ownership and effective control of AirAsia India vested with Indian nationals. " Swamy has sought impleadment of Venkataramanan on the basis of a letter of Cyrus Mistry, ex- Chairman of Tata Sons, that there was an alleged fraudulent transaction of Rs 22 crore in connection with the setting up of AirAsia India.
In the FIR, Ayam Enterprises has claimed it was persuaded by Goel and others from Ringing Bells to take up the distributorship of the Freedom 251 phones in November 2015. " Ghaziabad deputy SP Manish Mishra said Goel has been detained for interrogation in the matter. We paid Rs 30 lakh to Ringing Bells through RTGS on different occasions. Ringing Bells never showed that it had the ability to manufacture or even import hundreds of thousands of phones to supply them to all those people who pre- booked it.
BJP MLA from Lauria, Vinay Bihari today reached the Bihar Assembly in most unusual way and state. He was wearing vest and shorts as he entered the Assembly today. Vinay Bihari said, " Chief Minister Nitish Kumar had assured him to construct road in his area but till now nothing has been done and therefore he took to this unique mode of protest. "
The former Arunchal Pradesh Chief Minister was found hanging in a bedroom of his official residence in the posh Niti Vihar area of state capital Itanagar on August 9 last year. Â Withdrawing her petition, Dangwimsai Pul said she does not want the apex court to decide her matter as it " will lead to closure of other remedies" .
# FYI: Kerala youngsters go live on Facebook as cops try to moral policeResponding to this incident of moral policing, Kerala Police Chief posted an apology note on Facebook, pointing out that no one, not even the police, " has the right to disturb or harass any couple anywhere, " . 02. This, I wish, had not happened. Manoj Abraham IPS, IGP, Thiruvananthapuram Range.
JOLLY' S ALLEGATIONS  Jolly, an MLA from 2003 to 2008, said he filed a police complaint against the woman, who he alleged was blackmailing and extorting him, on February 17. FIR LODGED AGAINST JOLLYAn FIR under IPC sections 384 ( extortion) , 120 B ( criminal conspiracy) and other relevant sections had been lodged against the woman at Khidki Daula Police Station on the basis of Jolly' s complaint, a senior police officer said. He told PTI that the allegations were fabricated, meant to defame him and tarnish his political image.
57am was strikingly similar to the ones dispensed by another SBI ATM in south Delhi? s signature missing8. cricketmargin { width: 100% ; height: 10px; border- bottom: 1px dotted # 000; float: left} . Rupee sign missing4. Churan Lable? The victim in this January 24 incident, 26- year- old Sidhant Shashikar, tried his best to recover his lost money, but the bank manager allegedly dismissed his allegations saying that all the notes are ? said Shashikar. It had the words ?
You cannot copyright a character. Wadia lawyers Navroz Seervai and Priyanka Khimani had told the court that there were 19 similarities between their 1935  movie, Hunterwali, featuring Fearless Nadia, and Rangoon' s trailer. So they themselves do not have the copyright. However when they said that the copyright is already been given to someone else it was not pursued any further, " said Kadam. Moreover, Evans was one of the few actresses who started working in films when not many women dared to do so and that is why she was nicknamed Fearless Nadia. " It' s like calling Hema Malini, the dream girl.
Justin Bieber' s Mumbai concert might be months away, but it has already caused ripples in the hearts of his many fans in the country. But that does not matter. What matters is that the tickets start at Rs 4, 060 and go upto Rs 76, 790.
Absolutely. No doubt about that. Many of our leaders have also stepped up proactively and offered to take a significant cut in their compensation, which is an excellent sign of how galvanised the team feels in this shared quest for profitability. Our colleagues are our friends before they are co- workers, and I feel a deep sense of disappointment that we will not be able to have them continue on this journey with us. We are combining teams, reducing layers, eliminating non- core projects and strengthening the focus on profitable growth. These are tough times, no doubt. Let' s remember - GMV is vanity, Profit is sanity.
If you are a Samsung Galaxy Note fan, you were waiting to hear these words - - Note 7 will be sold in India. The report on Samsung planning to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in India is incorrect, " said a Samsung India spokesperson, without offering any other details. 5 million Note 7 phones in September and identified the cause of the fire as a manufacturing process problem at one of its suppliers, but new Note 7s with what Samsung said were safe batteries from a different supplier continued to catch fire. But it will be called refurbished and the price expected should be considerably cheaper.
( HT? I don? He would fight with my husband and me when we corrected him. Raja would frequently get picked up by the local police for questioning as he was seen as a petty thief in the area. ? Arjun said. she said. alleged Bariya.
Churan lable? cricketmargin { width: 100% ; height: 10px; border- bottom: 1px dotted # 000; float: left} . ? Rupee sign missing4. s expense. Guaranteed by the Children Government instead of Gauranteed by the Central GovernmentConfirming the development, a senior police officer said that the ATM first dispensed four such Rs 2, 000 notes to a customer. Serial number 0000003. But all the four notes I withdrew were fake, ?
New Delhi, Feb 21 ( PTI) The Jet Airways aircraft flying from London, which lost contact with the ATC over European airspace while on its way to Mumbai, was a training flight for the pilot- in- command at the time of the incident, sources said. While flying from Bratislava to Prague, 9W- 118 was on correct frequency ( 132. 890MHz) as it transmitted and acknowledged the messages.
Speaking to reporters here, VHP joint general secretary Surendra Jain said that merely chanting King Shivajis name does not make Shiv Sena a Hindutvavadi ( one championing the Hindutva cause) party. " I dont think Shiv Sena was ever a Hindutvavadi organisation. But he said he was a proud man if his party men demolished the mosque. . are Hindus from Tamil Nadu not Hindus?
Here' s De' s tweet. Heavy police bandobast in Mumbai today! pic. Uniform/ official not ours. When the targets of her pun found out what she would done, they swiftly denied that the man in the photo worked for them, and said they " expected better" from De.
Also read: RJD Chief Lalu Prasad should not talk about democracy and constitution: Sushil Modi Also read: Sushil Modi is acting like a dictator, sidelining leaders in his party: Tejaswi Yadav On the other hand BJP also took a dig at Abdul Gafoor, a minister in Nitish Kumar cabinet who had declared that he would continue to meet don and former RJD MP Shahabuddin even inside Tihar jail in Delhi. He never allowed anyone else to become president of RJD. Gafoor had met and dined with the dreaded don inside Siwan jail in March last year creating a massive furore.
Besides, the MNS contested 201 wards, the NCP 171, the BSP 109, the Samajwadi Party 76 and the Hyderabad- based AIMIM 56. Billed as a citadel of Maharashtra' s Shiv Sena, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) might be on course to welcome the BJP as an equally powerful - if not more - stakeholder in its governance, exit polls showed. The BJP followed closely, with a possible victory in 80 to 88 wards, the post- election survey predicted. Against the BMC' s budget of Rs 37, 052 crore for 2016- 17, the allocation for the municipal corporations of Delhi was Rs 6, 919 crore, Rs 5, 123. Historically, Mumbai' s iconic BMC has remained a Shiv Sena stronghold.
RBI
More than being a part of an anti- Trump resistance which has lingered since he started campaigning for the US President post, this was a publicity stunt by a dating app. Hater app matches potential dates based on the things people mutually hate. You can get yourself a date using Hater if both the persons hate a similar thing.
Building a case for compassionate capitalism, he said, " We need to celebrate success of Indian businessmen like NR Narayana Murthy and Dhirubhai Ambani. " There are success stories across sectors such as pharmaceuticals, IT and telecom, he said, pointing out that of the top 10 software companies globally, five are Indian. " We need more Indian case studies. Why cant we honour businessmen?
We have safeguarded Amma' s governance while celebrating MGR' s centenary year, " she stated and requested the cadres to involve themselves into conducting a lot of public welfare events. Another statement from the party also informed that presidium chairman KA Sengottaiyan will garland Jayalalithaa' s picture at the party office on her birthday. SASIKALA TO SERVE 13 MORE MONTHS IN JAIL IF RS 10 CRORE FINE NOT PAIDSasikala, who is serving a jail term after her conviction in a disproportionate assets case, will have to serve 13 more months in prison if she fails to pay a fine of Rs 10 crore imposed by the Supreme Court.   " ( With PTI inputs) WATCH: Prisoner VK Sasikala assigned these works on first day in Bengaluru jail
The AAP government on Monday told the Delhi High Court that it has raised from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 7 lakh the compensation for acid attack victims. Delhi government? The submission was made before Justice Sanjeev Sachdeva, who was hearing the plea of several women who are victims of acid attack against the cap on compensation to be awarded in such cases. s counsel Arun Panwar further informed the court that they have even directed all the hospitals in the capital, including hospitals under central government to provide free treatment to such victims.
In 2017, a ban like this in Iran may come as an accepted norm but the story has not been the same always. Poles apart but another Iranian woman in a magazine before the Islamic Revolution. According to the head of Iran' s Chess Federation Mehrdad Pahlevanzadeh, they will " seriously deal" with Dorsa for not observing the veil, and brother Borna who played with an Israeli player. Magazine model without hijab in 1970s. Well, that never mattered compared to donning a particular attire.
Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Tejaswi Yadav has hit out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi challenging him to open his mouth of the issue of alleged links of BJP members with Pakistan' s intelligence agency ISI. " Recently, the anti- terror squad of Madhya Pradesh had arrested 11 ISI operatives and one of the arrested person allegedly was relative of a sitting BJP corporator. Incidentally, pictures had surfaced of Dhruv Saxena attending event of Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan.
So you thought Ranbir Kapoor was just a barfi? Paresh Rawal is playing the role of Sunil Dutt while Manisha Koirala, Sanjay' s co- star in many film, is starring as Nargis, Sanju baba' s mom. Well, nay- sayers, here is the first look of Ranbir Kapoor from the sets of Dutt, a biopic that is being shot on the life of Sanjay Dutt, currently, by director Rajkumar Hirani.
Uday Shinde and Swapnali Shinde got married on Tuesday morning. The couple completed the primary rituals and then marched towards the IDBS school polling booth to cast their vote while the guests and relatives waited for them. " My husband and I had decided that we will surely cast our vote and as soon as the rings were exchanged we left the wedding hall to reach the polling booth, " said Swapnali. We need better roads, open spaces, parks and better infrastructure facilities in the city. Also read:
A sari is one of the most elegant and feminine garments. When you want to advertise the most beautiful garment ever made for the female body, whom would you choose to model for it? So, Satya Paul is launching a new line of its signature six- yard wonders, and it is got none other than Malaika Arora Khan to advertise for it.
One of the most sought after all- rounders in the world at the moment Ben Stokes landed a multi- crore deal with Rising Pune Supergiants ( RPS) at the Indian Premier League 2017 player auction in Bengaluru on Monday. ( Stokes hits jackpot in historic Indian Premier League player bid) Stokes, who was recently named England' s Test vice- captain, said he is having an " incredible week" and it was pretty impressive to see teams warring to buy him at the auction. I set my alarm for 3. I was anxious, not really knowing what would happen. "
According to the website ( https: / / yeswevibe. Two US- based online retailers have come under fire for hurting religious sentiments of Hindus by selling footwear with Om symbol and beer with Lord Ganesha picture on its label. lostcoast. com) , that is in operation from Scottsdale city in Arizona ( as per www. The website www.
Lalu' s strong reactions came a day after PM Modi at a rally in Uttar Pradesh leveled charges on the Samajwadi party govt that they were discriminating with people in supplying electricity during festival of Eid and Diwali, a comment which Lalu believed was made to communalise the polls. Ye to tanashah pradhanmantri hai. Janab aap pradhanmantri ho, itni choti, aochi aur khoti baatein nahi karni chahiye" , tweeted Lalu.
83 Pune- 49. 62Akola - 32. 17Thane- 53. com/ YhtvdEC3c1Mumbai: Shaina NC arrived to cast her vote at Napansea Rd polling booth on a cycle; could not find her name in the voter' s list # BMCelectionpic. com/ ra2jpP3jDiV O T E ? ? Have you? # BMCelectionpic. It is not just your right but your responsibility. Please RT!
The decision and manner of execution was third- rate and disgraceful. I feel angry and sad as a former cricketer, " Azhar told Aaj Tak. Dhoni has been a jewel in Indian cricket, he has won almost everything in the 8- 9 years of his captaincy and even though the franchise can say they run the team with their own money, should not they have seen Dhoni' s stature and credibility before first stripping him of captaincy and then not even letting Dhoni the grace? ( Dhoni was cooperation personified with captaincy change: Pune Supergiants owner Sanjiv Goenka to India Today) Azhar came down heavily on the Pune owners for shifting all the blame to Dhoni. "
After this, the region got a momentum in terms of development, " he told the gathering. " The senior BJP leader said the Centre was keen on development of Arunachal Pradesh which is " strategically located sharing international borders with China, Bhutan and Myanmar" , and assured full support to the state for its all round development. Referring to the border dispute between India and China, Singh said the relations between the Asian giants had improved and they were involved in bilateral trade worth USD 70 billion. He has the vision and will power to lead the state to the zenith of development. "
Later on in the evening, the police along with the victim' s father went to the nursery school and demanded the supervisor address. The principal was finally detained by the police and that was when she changed track saying she was always with the parents. We have spoken about measures to be put in place so why was the little girl not escorted by an aaya to the washroom, what was the male supervisor doing there. " Such being the case, they wanted a case of criminal negligence be filed against the principal. WATCH: Another Bengaluru horror: Woman groped, molested by bike- borne men in dark alley
From Aditi Khanna London, Feb 19 ( PTI)  One of the UKs leading umbrella group for Hindus has said the Bank of England has assured them that concerns over the use of animal fat in the new five- pound notes were being treated with " utmost seriousness" and the new 20 pound notes would be launched only after consultations. Over the last couple of months, the Hindu Council UK has been in communication with the Bank of England ( BoE) and raised the concerns of the Hindu Community, Hindu Temples and Hindu Organisations in the UK. " However, it would launch a consultation before issuing similar new 20- pound notes.
. ALSO READ: Akhilesh Yadav in Raibareli: Modi must speak truth, SP provides 24- hour power to VaranasiThe statement came a day after PM Modi stirred a massive controversy by drawing a parallel between Hindu and Muslim festivals. " Ramzan me bijli aati hai to Diwali me bhi aani chahiye. If electricity is supplied during Ramazan, it should be supplied during Diwali also. He is bringing disrepute to his post as well, " party secretary of legal and human rights cell K C Mittal told India Today.
I do not like the Rs 2000 note as it facilitates corruption. The ruling party is obliged to honour treaties signed in the past while it is also a fact that when in opposition parties take donations from multinational corporations who control over Rs 50 lakh crore of the Indian economy. Also read:
AKhilesh Yadav said, " Aap ( PM) Ganga maiyya ko bohut maante ho. " Prime Minister Narendra Modi should speak truth and accept the fact that it is the SP government, which has who has ensured 24 hour power supply to his own constituency, " Akhilesh Yadav said. ( You worship Ganga as mother. . "
Issuing his first set of orders after having secured his position as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister, a confident E Palaniswami today announced the closure of 500 more state- run liquor outlets in the state and said over a lakh women will get 50 per cent subsidy to buy mopeds. " After I took charge, I have signed in five schemes as announced by Amma, " he told reporters in Chennai.
After having been cautious first over Lashkar- e- Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed' s house arrest, the Ministry of External Affairs today said that putting him on terror list by Pakistan was the first logical step towards bringing " the international terrorist to justice" .
he says. Villagers were confined in these two rooms if they were not able to pay up zaildari tax. ? The doorway opens into a courtyard surrounded by corridors and has two rooms in the extreme corner on the left. Ye theek kar rahe hain, pichhli baar cement bhar diya tha ( They are renovating it using the technology. As he limps back to his house in a nearby lane, he stops at the arched entrance of the tehsil, a British- era structure that is being restored by the State Archeology Department in collaboration with the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage. The government also planned to convert it into a freedom fighter? s museum then. Ram says.
Six persons were arrested by the Indore police for allegedly duping customers by selling them SIM cards of a prominent mobile services provider, which are available free of cost. The police have seized 346 Reliance Jio SIM cards, including 14 pre- activated SIMs, and four thumb impression machines, said Additional Superintendent of Police ( ASP) Amrendra Singh. The modus operandi of the accused was to collect more than one thumb impression of genuine customers and to use the data along with their Aadhar card details to activate another SIM, which they would sell for anywhere between Rs 100 and Rs 1000 to others without asking for documents.
Afridi had been a fan favourite since he burst onto the scene in 1996, striking a 37- ball century against Sri Lanka in only his second match to set a world record that was unbeaten for 17 years. The 36- year- old all- rounder was currently active in the International Twenty20 format after having quit Test cricket in 2010 and One- Day Internationals in 2015. ( Also read: Shahid Afridi plans to turn freelance cricketer ) Afridi finishes his international career having played 27 Test matches, in which he hit 1, 176 runs with a highest score of 156 and 48 wickets.
Yadav said. 56 crore. argued Yadav. India, according to a report by credit- rating agency ICRA last year, is likely to record a 50 percent jump in its exports of buffalo meat to Rs 40, 000 crore in the next five years, compared with Rs 26, 682 crore in FY16. Also, they must end the facilities and subsidies provided to any slaughterhouse with immediate effect, " said the Samajwadi Party leader in an interview to India Today, cycling along the Gomti riverfront. . Asked the sacred cows were also being allegedly butchered along with other livestock in his state' s slaughterhouses, Yadav said stringent laws were already in place to prosecute the offenders. " After the UP 100 initiative, no one can dare interfere with governance. " But the point is that the issue is discussed during elections only and put aside later, " she argued.
New Delhi, Feb 19 ( PTI) FAQs about menstruation will now be answered at Delhi government schools with an NGO conducting " period talks" for teenage girls. Usually lessons on menstruation are imparted to girls by their mothers who unfortunately also pass on superstition, stigma and fear surrounding the natural bodily process. " During the session, a questionnaire will be handed out to girls to gauge how much they know about the process.
50, the sources said. Besides the burden caused by subsidy, TTD also incurs more loss selling the laddu at Rs 10 per piece to devotees who opt for free darshan and wait for several hours in long queues, resulting in a loss of about Rs 23 crore, the sources said. 7 crore to the annual loss. The scheme was introduced in October 2013 with an aim to encourage the age- old traditional way of reaching the sacred hills on foot.
Former RJD MP and don Mohammed Shahabuddin set off for Delhi' s Tihar jail amid high voltage drama in Patna on Saturday. Around 49 security officials are guarding the criminal- turned politician. Also read: Shahabuddin brought to Beur jail from Siwan, to be taken to Delhi this evening Also read: Murdered Bihar journalist' s wife says she is being threatened by Shahabuddin Other passengers in the S- 2 coach were shifted in the adjacent S- 1 and S- 3 coaches citing security reasons.
According to Potato Farmers' Association chairman Satish Verma, the local administration asked them to vacate the premises on February 17. Farmers have been replaced by Election Commission employees and sacks containing potatoes replaced by EVMs.
s kitchen, however. says Hien. Traditionally eaten in many parts of Burkina Faso, caterpillars are now sold at markets throughout the country as a tasty treat. was just too high. Hien? he says. Armed with the prize and his degree, Hien worked on developing his business for two years before finally selling his first caterpillars to market traders. ? Hien explains.
In my world, it is a seismic change. It is not an ordinary change. He said the vendor servicing of both the companys traditional information technology needs will be impacted because of the merger, but sought to distinguish Tech Mahindra from it because of nature of the job it does. " I do project work for both the companies, and I dont do the main or traditional IT work.
The Prime Minister is here to lend support to the six candidates contesting from the district. Narendra Modi will be accompanied by BJP MP Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and several other top leaders from the party. HERE IS WHAT HE SAID:   Also read:
Fabindia has stated that " as per the direction issued" by KVIC, it has complied with them, they said. Khadi & Village Industries Commission ( KVIC) had sent a legal notice to Fabindia Overseas Pvt Ltd, a chain of ethnic wear retail outlet, asking it to immediately stop using the word Khadi from all its cotton products and remove display banners from its showrooms. He cited a September 29, 2016 letter which stated that " upon the request of Fabindia, several meetings were held with KVIC and the last meeting was held on August 2, 2016, with Chairman of KVIC at New Delhi. Also read: KVIC sends legal notice to Fabindia for violating regulations on Khadi" Since two months have passed and KVIC has not yet received any response from your end, it is presumed that you are not interested to obtain Khadi mark certificate for sales and promotion of Khadi products. "
Modalities are being worked out. An announcement will be made once everything is finalised, " says a source close to the development. Kabir Khan has wrapped up the shooting of Salman Khan' s next film Tubelight and Tinsel Town is abuzz with the news of Amitabh Bachchan being a part of Kabir Khan' s next. Hrithik had confirmed this and was quoted by HT City as saying, " Working with Kabir is going to be fantastic. com.
Jain made the announcement at the 22nd Foundation Day of Delhi government' s Forensic Science Laboratory ( FSL) here. Reiterating Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) government' s commitment towards providing quality health facilities to Delhi people, Jain said: " All Delhiites can now avail free MRI, PET and CT Scan check- up at 21 private labs in Delhi. " He said patients either referred by the 30 Delhi government hospitals or 23 state- run polyclinics in the city can avail these facilities.
While ban on liquor sale will stay till Monday. The administration was keeping an eye on Akhil Bhartiya Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti ( ABJASS) activities which is organizing a Balidan Diwas ( sacrifice day) in Jasia village near Rohtak on Sunday. Also read: 2016 Jat stir: Haryana to compensate " innocent" personsThe administration is not taking any chances and has deployed adequate number of police and para- military forces on national and state highways including the GT road. The state government has formed a five members committee to look into the demands raised by the Jat leaders.
So happy to share Newton has won the Art Cinema award for the Forum section at Berlinale. Watch Amit Masurkar talk about why we should not romanticise low- budget filmmaking" I thought of Rajkummar because the character was somebody, for which I needed a person, who could pull of a huge range. said Masurkar. " Congratulations team, " he wrote. Raj is extremely dedicated guy.
A team of Delhi Police arrested accused Sarfaraj Ahmed from Bindapur. A special team of cops was formed to nab Sarfaraj after the alarming number of two- wheelers went missing in the district. He has already sold more than 50 stolen motorcyles on OLX, Quikr and Clickindia, etc during the last two years. However, role of his doctor wife still remains a mystery.
( Latest Sports stories) Both the boxers are expected to make their pro debut when Vijender will take on China' s WBO Oriental Super Middleweight champion Zulpikar Maimaitiali in Mumbai on April 1. However, both, who are serving as Deputy Superintendent of Police with Haryana Government got the permission to turn professional only recently.
Karan Johar was indeed planning to launch Sara Ali Khan in a project but her name was attached to the remake of The Fault In Our Stars, which will also star Ishan Khattar, Shahid Kapoor' s brother. The source added that this is yet another instance of an outsider losing out to a star kid. Before this, Disha lost the opportunity to act in Baaghi. Shraddha Kapoor, daughter of Shakti Kapoor stepped in.
s Sonia Vihar area. Delhi Police special cell on Friday arrested two persons, reportedly associated with the ISI and seized Rs 6 lakh in fake Rs 100 notes that they were allegedly trying to funnel into India from Nepal. were seized from them. Also read | ?
While Ganguly feels the sledging will not affect Kohli too much but he is certain that Steve Smith and his team will try and make life as difficult for the Indian captain as possible. " I' m not sure it is going to make any difference to Virat Kohli. They targeted him in Australia and he came back and played superbly.
Later Iyer often stepped out to Lyon and left- arm spinner Stephen O' Keefe to hit them for a total of five sixes over long- on in an impressive display of attacking batting and was the biggest contributor to India A' s first innings score. They started to sledge and said ' this guy does not have defense, he can play only attacking shots' . I am happy they were not predetermined shots. It worked out well, " Iyer said.
said ACP Dharna Yadav. Yadav said. ? Phulwari, which will also double as a crèche for children of police personnel, has been provided a separate entry separating it from the main police station section. she added. A number of times, children themselves are the victims and in a traditional police station, they find it difficult to tell us what happened. said Yadav.
In an exclusive interview with India Today, Samajwadi Party patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav today said that it is the Congress that stands to benefit from the alliance for Uttar Pradesh Assembly election, not his party. " Refuting rumours of an ongoing turmoil in the family and the party, he said that those who did not get the ticket were still angry, but there was no rift in the party as such. Ask the people to rate him. Also read: UP elections: Mulayam Singh campaigns against Akhilesh Yadav; seeks vote for Lok Dal in Etawah
Film production company Wadia Movietone Pvt. According to a report in Mid- Day, Roy Wadia on behalf of Wadia Movietone Pvt. phrase. Wadia told the film' s makers that the rights to Fearless Nadia' s character and story were with a German firm and if Vishal and co. still went ahead with Rangoon, they could land in legal trouble. Then in 2016, while Vishal was making Rangoon with Sajid Nadiadwala, Vishal assured Roy Wadia that his film was a love story set in the backdrop of World War II and was not remotely inspired by Nadia' s life.
Telecom watchdog TRAI today said it will look into the proposed Vodafone and Idea merger " as and when" regulatory issues crop up. " I would not like to comment. Also Read: Voda- Idea merger to create Rs 80, 000 crore revenue firm
? Harpreet? An International- level discus thrower, who had bagged two medals for the country, was among three persons arrested from New Delhi railway station with more than 25 kilos of Mephedrone drug ( popularly known as meow- meow in party circles) , police said on Friday. Harpreet and Amandeep were nabbed by a special cell team from New Delhi station on Wednesday evening, after the police were informed that the duo would be smuggling meow- meow drugs from Mumbai to the capital. t make the cut, said the officer.
Mumbai, Feb 17 ( PTI) Aditya Puri, Managing Director and Chief Executive of the second largest private lender HDFC Bank, today backed the idea of setting up a national bad bank, saying anything that can help resolve the perennial bad loans problem is welcome. " 5 per cent as of the September quarter. In fiscal 2017 and the previous year, the Government infused Rs 25, 000 crore each in to these banks, while their demand is at least Rs 91, 000 crore between the next two fiscal years, as per an India Ratings estimate in the core tier I capital alone to meet the stringent Basel 3 capital norms. Of this Rs 1.
The Mumbai Customs on Friday arrested one air passenger with Indian passport with smuggled gold worth Rs 91 lakh. He was carrying the gold concealed in a steel roller.
7 lakh at airport on Thursday night. As per the information shared to India Today, the Air Intelligence Unit ( AIU) of Mumbai Customs intercepted one Saudi Arabian national named Goya Ahmad Siraj A. During examination, the officials recovered two gold bars of 1000 grams each and one gold bar of 100 grams, totally weighing 2100 grams valued at Rs 63, 71, 400.
The system is expected to get further streamlined in the days to come as fresh tendering process for these machines is currently underway, ? said Raksha Singh, a regular Metro commuter. ? said DMRC spokesperson Anuj Dayal. the official added.
transport minister Satyendar Jain said. anti- vandalism? ? The induction of 100 new cluster buses will facilitate connectivity for commuters in the Capital, he said. In a step towards improving the public transport in the city, the Delhi government has added 100 new GPS- enabled buses in its fleet and plans to add 250 more during the next two months and 450 AC buses this year. A first- aid box. said an official.
A US- based auction house, Alexander Historical Auctions, will be selling selling Hitler' s personal travelling telephone this weekend. Bids for the phone are expected to start at $ 100, 000 ( approximately Rs 67 lakh) .
At the same time, neither Nathuram Godse nor the holder of his theme or opinion can go to the extent of killing a person whose philosophy he cannot agree with, " he said in his order. Godse, a right- wing activist, had assassinated the Mahatma on January 30, 1948. Petitioner Ashutosh Bansal had demanded the charge sheet and Godses statement, among other details, from Delhi Police which forwarded the application to the National Archives of India ( NAI) , saying the records have been handed over to it. He said since the information is more than 20- years- old, it cannot be withheld unless it attracts section 8( 1) ( a) of the RTI Act which prohibits disclosure of information that prejudicially affects security of the State or relations with foreign countries.
The merger has been reportedly discussed as an all- stock deal. According to a report in the Economic Times, the talks were initiated by Chinese e- commerce giant Alibaba. The deal can prove to be a boon for Snapdeal which is seemingly going through tough times and has slipped to third position in the Indian e- commerce market. Also Read: Apple to invest $ 1 billion in SoftBank tech fundIf the deal finalises, the two biggest beneficiaries will be Alibaba, which holds 40 per cent stake in Paytm and around 3 per cent in Snapdeal, and Japan' s Softbank, a major investor in Snapdeal.
" Otherwise, 4- 0, " he was quoted as saying. Veteran off- spinner Harbhajan Singh has predicted that India will completely dominate the upcoming four- match Test series against Australia, adding that the best the visitors can hope is for a draw in one of the games. They have since suffered nine straight Test losses in the subcontinent. He said apart from David Warner and Smith, the other Australian batsmen will not be able to play the game as they play in Australian conditions. "
Medical colleges have been built. A modern police control room has been established for the first time, the police are on call and can reach any spot in 10- 15 minutes. . After becoming chief minister, the first thing I did was go to the Sharda barrage and direct authorities that it should not flood. A. Mulayam Singh Yadav has been in politics for a long time. Our rivals earlier were talking about victory margins, now they are not sure they will win. We have introduced ' UP- 100' , one of the most innovative initiatives to enhance police response, entirely with state money. The prime minister threw the word ' Scam' at us, saying the state has to be saved from the SP, Congress, Akhilesh and Mayawati. Because we have already put the party on the path it needs to be on. Q. The BJP is saying this is an alliance of dynasties, I say it is the alliance of two youth, alliance of new thinking. A. But I believe that, in politics, if your goal is big and you want to accomplish it, you need to be prepared for every situation. From day one, I have said SP and Congress will take the number one and two positions. Why? Now they cannot fool people with Hindutva and temple issues.
Exhibits of eight coaches of the train are devoted to information, caste studies and materials related to various aspects of climate change. A kids zone is set up for children from Class 4 and below to participate in fun- filled activities, game and puzzles in science, mathematics and environment. The exhibitions mounted by the Environment Ministry will also showcase the underlying science, impacts, adaption activities, mitigation solutions and policy approaches in a manner that is easy to understand and interesting for not just school students but also the masses.
Yet it cannot take- off. Have you ever heard of such cases? Now, without a clearance from the engineering teams at the Ankara airport, the Air India flight cannot take- off again. And, since it was Boeing 787, it cannot take- off if it has made ' overweight landing' .
RJD Supremo Lalu Prasad has reacted strongly to PM Narendra Modi' s remarks made during Hardoi rally that he was the " adopted son" of Uttar Pradesh and the state was like his " mai- baap" whom he will never desert. Lalu said if PM Modi considered himself " adopted son" of Uttar Pradesh then he should reveal who is the father and what is his name?
Not an exception. MOVIE REVIEW: JOLLY LLB 2MOVIE REVIEW: KAABILA source, quoted by DNA, said, " They have found a great script which is perfect and they ( Hrithik and Akshay) both have lead roles. " In fact, I have been approached for one and I am considering it. " Expecting to see them together in a project is not that difficult. So let us see what happens.
West Indian all- rounder Marlon Samuels was on Thursday cleared to bowl in international cricket after his action was found to be legal, the International Cricket Council ( ICC) announced here. The 36- year- old was last reported for bowling action during the Galle Test against Sri Lanka in October 2015 and was subsequently suspended for 12 months in December 2015 after an independent assessment revealed he had employed an illegal bowling action for the second time in 24 months. "
. A few nations are making a big mistake by trying to take advantage of the current mess that Indian Cricket Board is in, warned former captain Ravi Shastri, who also advised the BCCI to demand every penny it deserves from the ICC for being the biggest revenue generator. [ Vikram] Limaye, Anirudh [ Chaudhry] and Amitabh [ Choudhary] - I am glad they made the BCCI' s reservations very clear. Then to say that India is the bully, because they are asking for extra share, is the biggest load of bullshit I have heard. They have every right to.
Sand? Leicester Mercury? A resident of the district made us aware that a pest control company had been visiting Sands. . "
com but not anymore because Shaadi. Then, there is Arsh Bajwa as the goofy but smart tech geek Sarabjeet AKA Cyberjeet. He is so good. Running Shaadi on paper seems trite, but it is consistently engaging because newer and wilder plot developments get thrown at you ( Roy is also the writer) and you cannot help but continue to run with its characters to find out what eventually becomes of them. com approached Bombay High Court protesting against the title, is a film that is great in patches but is mostly just about okay. . ( The writer tweets as @ devarsighosh. )
Riots took place in Gujarat when Modi was the chief minister. Hitting out at Akhilesh, Owaisi said the SP government in Uttar Pradesh promised to build schools and homes for Muslims but failed to fulfil them. Akhilesh could not be even loyal to his father so now officers like these would be of benefit to him, " he said. Owaisi said he wanted to come to Kanpur earlier but was allegedly stopped by the administration as one of the ADMs said in his report that the visit will affect peace in the city. "
NO SALARY HIKE FOR DELHI MLAsIn the past, Kejriwal government has accused the Centre of deliberately procrastinating bills. Sources from the Union Home Ministry today confirmed the Centre' s move of returning a bill moved by the Delhi government for a salary hike up to 400 per cent for employees apart from an increase in perks and allowances. 1 lakh as against the existing Rs 88, 000.
Bengaluru' s Bellandur lake is in news again. Usually, a pile of garbage strewn around the lake is set on fire, but yesterday it caused a scare among residents and motorists as the smoke started billowing and surrounding the lake in the evening, " KU Ramesh, deputy director at Karnataka Fire Department, said. Karnataka State Pollution Control Board Chairman Lakshman said notices have been issued to the BBMP, Bengaluru Water Supply and Sewage Board and other agencies to stop the dumping. ( With PTI inputs) WATCH: Bengaluru: Choked in toxic fume, Bellandur lake catches fire
The Prime Minister made a false promise to people that ( black) money ( stashed in foreign banks) will be deposited in their bank accounts but nothing of the sort happened. The SP leader also alleged that after occupying the high chair, Modi is indulging in such non- serious talk which is most unbecoming for him.
Manchester City have been fined 35, 000 pounds ( $ 43, 662) and warned about their future conduct after admitting a breach of anti- doping rules, the Football Association said in a statement on Thursday. ( Latest Football stories)
Assange opened up about Anderson in a radio interview. The " Baywatch" star recently said she likes spending time with him. She cannot really be squeezed by, you know, a TV executive, " he added. .
Nikopolidis, a soft- spoken 46- year- old whose hair has turned silver in retirement, says team practices and matches provide a welcome distraction for young men facing uncertain futures in the European Union' s slow- moving relocation program. " Most of Hope' s players live in Skaramangas, an industrial zone west of Athens where metal containers have been turned into shoebox- shaped homes. We' re helping people who are at a difficult moment in their lives, " he said. " If you stay in your home and you do not have work, you will be like - you will die. "
( Also read: Sehwag' s swag in Virugyaan will leave you absolutely impressed) Nehra has played an important role in India' s T20 games over the last year and recently made another successful comeback in the recently concluded three- match T20 series versus England. ( Also read: When a star- struck Virat Kohli met Virender Sehwag) Viru actually compared his beloved ' Nehra ji' s' bowling to Rakesh Omprakash Mehra' s love stories. And when he is in the news, how could he be far away from Sehwag' s radar? Good old days, " Nehra said ESPNcricinfo. "
The BJP on Wednesday released a poster from Raigad district where the Shivsena and Congress forged a local front alleging tie- up between the two parties. . The BJP has alleged that what was initially a tactict understanding has now come out in the open. We are totally unaware about such posters. said Arvind Bhonsale, Shivsena leader and spokesperson.
In the Fatehabad district of Haryana, gods have been asked by municipal council to file their property tax returns. City' s Sanyas Ashram was sent a property tax bill of Rs 2. 77 lakh. 10 lakh.
Canada' s parole board spokesman Patrick Storey was quoted as saying, " That condition has been lifted now. Reyat, a Sikh immigrant from India, was convicted of making bombs that were stuffed into luggage bags and planted on 2 planes leaving Vancouver, and of lying in court to cover up for his co- accused. Canada has set free the lone person convicted in the 1985 bombing of Air India flight 182, called Emperor Kanishka, in which around 330 people were killed. 2 OTHERS ACQUITTED DUE TO LACK OF EVIDENCETwo others, allegedly co- conspirators, were acquitted due to lack of evidence and, if the prosecutors are to be believed, due to Reyat' s perjury.
The inspiration behind this collection is to bring awareness of the human impact on the environment and to promote social responsibility by adopting sustainable fashion as a lifestyle choice, " she said in a statement. Also read: Prabal Gurung' s feminist NYFW collection misspelled an important word " The primary fabric used that is made from natural cellulosic fibers and produced from wood pulp, a natural renewable resource. This highlights the brand' s philosophy of environmental awareness that believes caring about the planet is not a seasonal choice but needs to be done all year round.
New Delhi, Feb 15 ( PTI) Congress today lodged a complaint with the Election Commission against BJP for allegedly offering to finance the poll campaign of Independent candidate Irom Sharmila in Manipur and demanded a thorough probe and strict action including criminal prosecution. Mittal said these allegations need to be investigated in depth to reach to the truth which is essential " to save Constitution and the democratic process" .
The Bihar cabinet on Wednesday passed a proposal brought before it to amend service rules forbidding government employees from consuming liquor anywhere in the state in the wake of prohibition which was imposed in the state in April, 2016.
Chandigarh, Feb 15 ( PTI) Reacting to the arrest of Nabha jailbreak mastermind from the alleged house of an AAP worker, Punjab Congress president Amarinder Singh today sought a probe into what he called Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwals " nexus" with militants and gangsters in the state. There is apparently a " strong nexus between AAP and the militants as well as dreaded gangsters, posing a major threat to Punjabs security and safety" , alleged Amarinder, demanding an independent investigation, preferably by a central agency, into the partys " dangerous" links.
New Delhi, Feb 15 ( PTI) Five new judges were today appointed to the Supreme Court, taking it working strength to 28. President Pranab Mukherjee has signed their Warrants of Appointment and the notifications will be issued shortly, sources in the government said here.
AIIMS was followed by North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences ( NEIGRIHMS) , Shillong, which got a cash prize of Rs 3 crore. We want to change the image of the public health facilities. Patient satisfaction is the ultimate test for assessing quality of services provided by a healthcare facility and we are now making a paradigm shift by seeking their views on quality of experience in a public healthcare facility.
The Border Security Force ( BSF) has seized fake Indian currency notes ( FICN) worth 2 lakh rupees from West Bengal' s Malda district after it thwarted a bid to smuggle fake currency into from across Bangladesh. The police, while interrogating him, learnt about the delivery of an FICN consignment from Bangladesh scheduled for later last night. Â Â
New Delhi, Feb 15 ( PTI) A Bill in the Lok Sabha seeks to put a limit on the number of guests to be invited and dishes to be served in weddings to check " show of wealth" and wants those spending above Rs 5 lakh to contribute towards marriages of poor girls. This is needed to be checked as it is not good for society at large, " she said. These days, marriages are more about showing off your wealth and as a result, poor families are under tremendous social pressure to spend more.
Mumbai, Feb 15 ( PTI) Veteran actress Rekha will hand over superstar Shah Rukh Khan the fourth Yash Chopra Memorial Award during a ceremony later this month.
( R Ashwin will be ready for me but I have my game plan: David Warner to India Today) Kohli is in red- hot form, leading the way in all three formats. By contrast, Smith' s side were thrashed 3- 0 in Sri Lanka and lost the first two tests of a three- match home series against South Africa before wholesale changes led to a consolation win in Adelaide and the new charges went on to sweep aside Pakistan. ( Australia will not shy away from sledging Virat Kohli' s India: Steve Smith) Maxwell agreed with his captain and said his teammates were most welcome to sledge Kohli if they feel. " com. Guys can go through a run of form like that where they just get on a roll and everything seems to click for them, and that is happened for him at the moment. "
With 11. 1 million,   India ranked fourth while US topped the list with 242 million web application attacks in the country. Spike botnets carried out the maximum DDoS attacks in Q4.
India? 30 hours. A train between Nagpur and Ajni runs for just 3 km. non- stop train? Read: Expectations high as Prabhu set to present his second railway budgetOne station, two statesThe Navapur railway station straddles 2 states: one half of it is in Maharashtra and the other half in Gujarat. s slowest train.
( Also read: Maria Sharapova may play at 2020 Olympics for Russia) The Russian' s ban was then cut by nine months by the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS) last October, meaning the Russian is free to return from April 26. Everyone has their own choice. I do not know about the reaction of the other players, it is up to them. " CAS cut Sharapova' s suspension but said she " bore some degree of fault" by relying on agent Max Eisenbud to check the banned list for changes and failing to ensure he had done so.
A gang of four alleged carjackers, who learnt how to rob cars while playing their favourite game, Grand Theft Auto, on Playstation, was on Tuesday busted by Delhi Police crime branch. said Verma. The four said while playing the Grand Theft Auto games, they hit upon the idea that they could get hold of luxury cars easily like the characters in the games by thrashing the occupants, ? The car driver sustained multiple injuries in his head. ? t be seen from outside.
twitter. Kumar said. One auto driver also told me that it is payback time as these cab aggregators had taken away their business from them. ? People will have to pay when they have no option, ? Kumar, who is from Vijay Nagar, said that the protesters allegedly stopped the cab returning from Vaishali and poured some inflammable substance before setting it afire. s car. Around 1.
Usually the meal involves an antipasto ? Ferrari told the Guardian he estimated about 30% of parents did not know how to handle their children at lunchtime, and that too often children run around the restaurant and bother other customers, forcing his waiting staff to swerve to avoid them. Ferrari ? But he added: ? ? 30 ( £ 25) tip, Ferrari said.
Ahmedabad, Feb 14 ( PTI) Union Minister Giriraj Singh today claimed that Christians were " silently" converting maximum number of people, even as he batted for a law to control the countrys population. On being asked about his Cabinet colleague Kiren Rijijus remarks about dwindling Hindu population, Singh that he completely agreed with him.
Balasaheb proved it. asked Raj. RAJ' S SCATHING ATTACK ON BJP Alleging that BJP leaders have all the cash post demonetisation, Raj also took a dig at the BJP over its party with difference slogan. " They are using Balasaheb' s picture in their campaign that says , I do what I say. asked Raj. " quipped Raj.
New Delhi, Feb 14 ( PTI) Were Indian National Army soldiers who sided with revolutionary leader Subhas Chandra Bose freedom fighters or army deserters? Acharyulu noted that the Home Ministry was right in transferring the RTI application to the National Archives as far as records are concerned. The case came up for hearing before Information Commissioner Sridhar Acharyulu as Right to Information applicant Prodyot Kumar Mitra could not get details on the status of INA soldiers who had marched with Bose.
Also Read: Bihar: Clamour grows within RJD for Tejaswi as CM, Lalu says he is the future This was after Bhatnagar argued that a decision on equal respect to anthem and National Song required an intervention by the SC because " clearly the role of Vande Mataram has been referred by the Constituent Assembly as it has played a historic part in the struggle in the Indian Freedom" . " We cannot get into all that. You have to draw a distinction between the two. Remember, we have only one National Anthem and do not propagate theories here, " SC told Bhatnagar.
During the 30- minute press conference, while Modi was busy answering questions, the politician couple remained the centre of attraction as they kept nodding off. Former minister Renu Kushwaha and her politician husband Vijay Kumar Singh, who were sitting next to Modi, were caught napping while he addressed mediapersons. While Vijay Singh slept blissfully unaware of what was happening around him, Renu was seen battling sleep many times.
30 PM. VIEWER' S DISCRETION ADVISED The assailants fled the spot in a four- wheeler without number plate after the attack, said the police. WATCH THE CCTV FOOTAGE HERE: WARNING: DISTURBING FOOTAGE.
He was addressing a gathering on the inauguration of a two- day National Seminar on Bonded Labour hosted by the National Human Right Commission at the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library here. " Bonded labour is one of the worst violations of human rights and also the dignity of life. From its inception till January 31 this year, 14, 614 cases have been received by us, out of which 13, 266 have been disposed of. " The rights panel chief also shared the number of complaints on bonded labour received by NHRC since 1993 and said it was " alarming" . "
Rahul might not be having full information. . " . Terming the SP- Congress alliance as " opportunist" , he said Samajwadi Party ideologue Ram Manohar Lohia had given a call of Congress hatao, desh bachao but that anti- Congress movement has been hit in Uttar Pradesh with SP tying up with that party. 42 per cent of the revenue collected by the Central government belongs to the state and there is no scope of cutting even a single rupee, " he said.
or 73. But rape cases were fewer in 2016 compared to the year before when 2, 199 cases were registered. This is the reason why the numbers appear constant, ? Former Delhi police commissioner Ajai Raj Sharma explained that less heinous crimes are often neglected by police teams. If an investigator is deployed for a VIP movement, when will he investigate the case? ? Sharma said.
NBDC functions as the nodal post- blasts investigation department under the country' s federal contingency force NSG. There were 406 such incidents, which include IED and ordnance explosive blasts, in the country. The report did sound a word of caution on the global data, saying the centre obtained these figures from an " open source" . Also read | Twin blasts rock Imphal on Republic Day, no casualties; insurgent groups boycott celebrations   The NBDC report, published last week, also reported that Jammu and Kashmir saw an over 121 per cent rise in blast and IED- related incidents after the killing of terrorist Burhan Wani in the Valley in July last year.
Yes. This year, the Damdami Mai is Tiger Shroff' s rumoured girlfriend Disha Patani. Apparently, it is believed that students who will take part in the puja will ' find the one' within just six months and consequently, lose their virginity in the next six months. Such bhakti, much wow.
The aircraft, an Airbus A320 Neo, landed safely, GoAir said. Due to a technical snag in the air bleed system, the flight commander had to reduce the power of the left engine and he asked for emergency assistance during landing, " the airline said. 06 AM , it said.
New Delhi, Feb 14 ( PTI) With Jat agitation continuing, the Haryana government has sought from the Centre 5, 600 paramilitary personnel to deal with the growing tension in the state. A company of paramilitary personnel comprises of around 100 personnel. Sit- ins and dharnas continued in many areas across the state.
I will register a complaint with the cyber crime cell in London and ensure the hackers are taken to task. Thanks Kerala! 0. ? 0 is slated to release on Diwali.
Tuesday? justice Manmohan remarked adding, ? ? The Delhi high court on Tuesday stayed a controversial nursery admission notification by the AAP government that made 298 private unaided schools, built on public land, to accept admission forms based only on the neighbourhood or distance criteria. Earlier, the court had directed the private schools to accept applications based on their own criteria as well as city administration guidelines. s January 7 notification.
Data shows that 616 officials were suspended for various allegations, while departmental inquiry was initiated against 696 police staff, out of which 863 were found guilty since in certain complaints several officials were named. ? The perception created among staff that if found guilty, they will not be spared has helped us contain corruption in the department, ? said Dependra Pathak, Delhi Police spokesperson. 1064 and 1800111064 ? Delhi Police? One vehicle is stolen every 12 minutes in Delhi while every 6 min, one person becomes victim of theft and every two hours, one person is robbed.
ALSO READ: Sasikala convicted in DA case, she must serve remaining jail term, rules Supreme CourtDharma will win, says Sasikala after Supreme Court' s verdict in DA Case Here are the LIVE updatesFour state transport buses have entered the Golden Bay resort in # Kovathur led by two IGP rank officers pic. com/ 3ZIGGTbPEZJustice has been done. twitter. com/ FGPGp0iuszWATCH: 5 big developments in Sasikala vs Panneerselvam tussle
Just like every year, this year also moral policing will take place on 14th of Feb, where youth will be facing harassments on celebrating the occasion. Bhupesh Kumar Nayak, the coordinator of the Bajrang Dal in Bhubaneswar directly warned the couples, as they would perform marriage of young lovers whoever found venturing into parks, malls or other public places. They also believe that this occasion is destroying the young minds. Many shops were vandalised who were selling Valentine' s Day merchandise.
No injuries were immediately reported in the wildfire which began on Sunday. From Seema Hakhu Kachru Houston, Feb 13 ( PTI) A wild fire in the US state of Oklahoma has burned nearly 600 acres, prompting authorities to evacuate hundreds of people in the nearby areas and parts of the adjoining state of Texas.
The spot was right outside the state Assembly building. On 27 March 2016, Easter Sunday, at least 75 people were killed and over 340 were injured in a suicide bombing that hit the main gate of Gulshan- e- Iqbal Park, one of the largest parks in Lahore. Local reports say Pakistani Taliban' s faction Jamaat- ul- Ahrar claimed responsibility for Lahore blast. Also read: Pakistan: Second terror attack of the day, several casualties feared in Quetta blast A group of chemists and pharmaceutical manufacturers were protesting against the Paunjab government' s new Drug Bill at Charing Cross on Mall Road in Lahore' s heart. pic.
selfie Guwahati, Feb 13 ( PTI) Assam Additional Advocate General Devajit Saikia has been barred from entering the Assembly for two weeks for allegedly clicking and uploading a selfie on social media when the House was in session. " I have forwarded the matter to the Privilege Committee, " Assam Speaker Hitendra Nath Goswami said in the House.
The scrip skyrocketed 16. New Delhi, Feb 13 ( PTI) Shares of Ruchi Soya Industries today surged over 17 per cent after the company signed an agreement with Patanjali Ayurved for physical refining and packaging of edible oils. 34 per cent to settle at Rs 29. 80.
If an employee is rated below the median performance level, the variable payout would be 90 per cent for B+ or even zero per cent at B level. NSE will also seek the shareholders nod at the EGM for the remuneration package to be paid to Limaye, who is joining the exchange from IDFC Ltd. As per the EGM notice sent to the shareholders, the compensation package payable to him would include a fixed pay component of little over Rs 6 crore per annum and variable pay of Rs 2 crore per year, taking the total pay to about Rs 8 crore. ESOPs and other equity- linked instruments will not form part of the pay package while the terms of compensation would have " malus and clawback arrangements" . 93 lakh, including Rs 2. He would also get a special allowance of Rs 21.
It is wonderful. I meet Mr Murthy quite frequently. . The other day he was telling me about the Paris Metro and how he worked on the Paris Metro in the 1970s before he started Infosys, and it had this whole ideas about automation and autonomous driving and all, " he reminisced. 25 billion that Infosys has.
According to AajTak. Basking in the stupendous success of the gangster film Raees, Shah Rukh has made special appearances in films like like Ae Dil Hai Mushkil, Saathiya and Bhootnath returns. While the sequel is currently in post- production stage, an interesting news about Baahubali 2 has cropped up. The makers planned for a grand teaser launch last month, but it was postponed due to pending VFX works.
Sachin Tendulkar tweeted to announce that his biographical movie, ' Sachin: A Billion Dreams' is all set to release on May 26. He dramatically announced that he would not play in the next season of the IPL, moments after winning the trophy with Mumbai Indians. After the stupendous success of the Dhoni biopic, people are eagerly waiting to know the life story of one of the most iconic Indian cricketer. The book also holds the record in retail value terms having logged up Rs. 13.
¥ Okay I am speechlessâ? We are literally falling short of words to describe this heavenly beauty in the form of Kareena Kapoor Khan and Saif Ali Khanâ? ¤ï¸? ? Well, dunno about you but we are certainly going to get the most beautiful dream tonight, after having seen this adorable glimpse of Taimur Ali Khan. pout â?
Speaking to India Today, Subramanian Swamy said, " As far as I know Union government has no role to play in governor' s stand. Swamy' s comments follows Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu' s remark that ' there is no vacancy' for chief minister' s post in Tamil Nadu. I cannot name them. "
When Katrina Kaif' s younger sister Isabel made her film debut with Canadian romantic comedy Dr Cabbie, Kat was proud. I will do everything I can to help her. " If there is anyone who will launch her sister in a big Bollywood production, it will be Katrina herself. "
The 38- year- old SP candidate was campaigning in Sabitpur region of the constituency when he suffered a heart attack. He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead. ( More details awaited)
Goel said that he is keen to push for installing the air purifiers in the two districts before the onset of winters. Haryana surrounds most of the National Capital from south, west and north side and it becomes our responsibility to share the burden of NCR' s fight against deadly air pollution, " Vipul Goel, state industry and environment minister told MAIL TODAY. " Instant results He will be soon visiting Beijing with a team of experts and officials to see on ground. 3 lakh trees in just three hours in a similar drive recently, ' ' he said. We planted about 2. Haryana will also simultaneously employ conventional mode in its fight against pollution and plant about 2.
Mumbai, Feb 11 ( PTI) A passenger onboard an IndiGo flight who was taken into custody for opening the emergency chute of the Chandigarh- bound aircraft resulting in an injury to a co- passenger, was today released on surety, police said. Akshay Rameshkumar Mohan ( 31) was released on surety of Rs 15, 000 by Airport Police as it was a bailable offence, Alka Mandave, Senior Police Inspector of Airport Police Station said.
It will have the capability to detect incoming fighters, cruise missiles and even drones from both Pakistan and China. According to him the users ( IAF) observed that this was such a trial they have never undergone. On February 14, the day Aero India 2017 begins, the IAF will be the proud owner of its very own indigenous all- weather airborne early warning and control system popularly known as the AEW& C. This aerial platform is meant to be a force multiplier that will guide the IAF' s fighter aircraft during combat. Speaking exclusively to India Today, he said that his association with the early warning system programme goes back to 1985 when it all started.
ALSO READ: How 7th pay commission will change your life, Indian economyIn the last 70 years, the Centre has increased the minimum salary of its employees from Rs 55 to Rs 18, 000 per month - a hike of 32, 727 per cent. Now, after the 14. 50 lakh from Rs 90, 000. 50 lakh.
I would like to congratulate him for reaching 250 wickets. ( Good to have 250 Test wickets record out of the way: Ravichandran Ashwin) In the first innings, Ashwin went for nearly 100 runs getting two wickets but Pujara said that he was given a restrictive role. Sometimes Ashwin has to play the role of holding the batsman and he did that in the first innings. " He bowled to a plan. There might be some occasions, he cannot get wickets.
If someone does not want to shoot their film here, so be it, " said Devnani. Vasudev Devnani, the Minister for Education in Rajasthan, has expressed solidarity with the Karni Sena view and said that distortion of history will not be tolerated. " However, the Rajasthan Home Minister and the state police had claimed that action will be taken if a formal complaint is made against the Karni Sena men. A video showing the vicious attack on Sanjay Leela Bhansali and the vandalism carried out on the sets of Padmavati at Jaipur' s Jaigarh Fort had gone viral.
Doosre ki bhakti naapne ka adhikar kisi ko nahin hai, mujhe bhi nahin hai ( No one has the right to measure anybodys patriotism. I too dont have the right) , " Bhagwat said yesterday while releasing a book here. "
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said. They have been asked to submit the details by Monday. All the ministers have been asked to submit details of their outstation tour programmes of the last three months.
UPSTF ASP Triveni Singh said the Special Investigation Team had carried a search of Ablazes Ghaziabad office, and seized 32 CPUs, bank drafts worth Rs 7 crore from the premises. The search was carried out following a detailed interrogation of the accused. distributors Greater Noida, Feb 11 ( PTI) An accused in the Rs 3700 crore online trading fraud case has told the police that his company had planned a tour of Australia for 150 distributors which also included sky- diving, officials said today.
The trouble for Jolly LLB 2 does not seem to end. Bringing up the issue has not gone down well with the Pakistani censor board. After the makers of the Akshay Kumar and Huma Qureshi- starrer were made to remove four scenes from the film before its release, comes the news that Jolly LLB 2 has been banned in Pakistan.
Mulayam rooting for the Lok Dal candidate is significant. If a handful of them manage to win, they could strengthen Mulayam' s hand in the event of a hung Assembly. The spring may have gone out of Mulayam Singh Yadav' s step after he was unseated from the leadership of the Samajwadi Party by his son Akhilesh Yadav, but he still retains his ability to sting. Conspicuous by their absence from today' s rally were the chief minister and MPs Ram Gopal Yadav, Dimple Yadav, Dharmendar Yyadav, Tej Pratap Yadav and Akshay Yadav.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi are in Uttarakhand to seek votes for their respective parties. Confident of a BJP victory in the state, the Prime Minister said the current government will be relegated to the past on March 12- - a day after the Assembly election results in the five states will be announced. This has benefited them & their families immensely: PM in Pithoragarh pic. twitter.
Panaji, Feb 8 ( PTI) The Goa unit of the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) has claimed that the Election Commission has failed to curb the use of money power in last weeks Assembly polls in the state. However, he slammed the EC, they added.
Tony Aarts, a resident of North Fort Myers, Florida, used his Cleveland Golf putter to subdue the alligator that attacked him and caught him by the ankle as he was approaching the fourth hole at Magnolia Landing Golf and Country Club. " I remember having a club in my hand, and as soon as he had me in the water up to my waist, I started hitting him over the head, " Aarts said. And Im thinking Im getting deeper and deeper, and I thought youre not gonna get me, " he was quoted as saying. I started hitting him in the eye socket.
At the combined commanders conference headed by the prime minister, the Integrated Defence Staff under the Defence Ministry was asked to prepare a roadmap for theatre commands and new initiatives would be taken by this year- end, senior Defence Ministry sources told India Today. All these structures of proposed command would be provided in the roadmap by the military officers under the guidance of political leadership the sources stated. As part of defence reforms, the government is also appointing a new four star general to looking after the issues related to three services.
From Yoshita Singh New York, Feb 12 ( PTI) Microsoft has to " look like everyone and every organisation in the world" for it to accomplish its mission, the technology giants Indian- born CEO Satya Nadella has said, asserting the importance of " diversity and inclusion" amid an environment of divisiveness. Diversity and inclusion is huge. " Am I able to actually conduct a meeting where everyone is able to contribute their best because we all come with different styles, we have different cultural upbringings, what makes us tick is different. It starts with each mindset, " he said. " Nadellas comments come against the backdrop of a divisive and anti- immigrant rhetoric engulfing the US under the presidency of Donald Trump.
It was just yesterday that Shahid Kapoor shared the first proper photo of Misha with her mother Mira, and his fandom lost their heart to the little one. Shahid Kapoor and Mira Rajput are gifting their daughter Misha a sibling pretty soon, it seems. She wants to flip the norm, get the kids to a certain age and then be free to do what she likes. " My job is a lonely one I was lonely for three or four years. "
. Twitter has the most abuse. In his biography, An Unsuitable Boy, Karan Johar talked about being persecuted for his sexual orientation. " Because two men cant be out for dinner just as friends, " he rued.
com. The News Corp- backed portal, which recently merged Housing. com with itself, tracks primary residential markets of nine cities - - Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Chennai, Kolkata and Ahmedabad. " New Delhi, Feb 12 ( PTI) The monthly average housing sales fell 40 per cent during November- December period in the top nine cities as customers deferred their decision to buy homes on expectation of fall in prices after the demonetisation move, according to realty portal PropTiger.
New Delhi, Feb 12 ( PTI) The Ministry of Home Affairs website was hacked today, prompting authorities to temporarily block it, an official said. The MHA website was immediately blocked by the National Informatics Centre after hacking was noticed.
In an affidavit filed in the Supreme Court, the Centre said it could not grant permission for broadcast of news content as several anti- national radical elements within the country and also from abroad could misuse it for propagating their agenda. Community radio stations also air programmes involving chats with NRIs and local population settled abroad. Also Read: Upset over frivolous petitions piling up in Supreme Court, CJI imposes fines
The ' Fairy Queen' will haul the train from New Delhi to Rewari in Haryana, departing from the Delhi Cantt. at 6. 15 pm.
On Saturday, Chinnamma, as she is called by AIADMK cadres, had vowed a new form of protest and slammed Governor Vidyasagar Rao for the delaying the decision on the next chief minister of Tamil Nadu. Chinnamma is losing out on numbers and this is going to be a huge problem when she stakes claim to forming the government. Education Minister K Pandiarajan stated that very soon OPS would have all 130 MLAs on his side. Former minister and AIADMK founding member C Ponniyan jumped onto the Pannerrselvam bandwagon on Saturday.
Three people, all from Sangam Vihar, have been arrested in connection with the robbery. " Delhi Police have recovered the Nobel Peace Prize replica and other items stolen from Kailash Satyarthi' s south Delhi house on February 7. I thank the Delhi Police for the brilliant and speedy recovery of the items stolen from my residence and I hope that Nobel citation is recovered soon as well.
" We have waited patiently till now. Giving out this statement, Sasikala initiated an emergency trip to the resort where the MLAs are ' kept' accompanied by her remaining Generals, Sengottaiyan and Edapadi K Palanisamy. Saturday was not favourable for Sasikala as two MPs met caretaker chief minister O Panneerselvam and joined his gang. But the way she framed the words to say that " will do what is required" , it ended up more like a threat to the Governor who still has not called her to form the Government and less of a claim. Around 6. Also Read: Sasikala losing against Panneerselvam?
Q: Do you believe the people of Tamil Nadu has been ill- served by  the political class which needs to recognise the needs and aspirations of the people? A: I do not think it is right on the people, I do not know what her qualifications are. . Am an actor. Kamraj- ji, Raja- ji. It happened to the Congress when they thought they got the freedom for the country, and people as if they owe each other something. Show me results, show me roads, clean my rivers. It' s not true.
Russia' s Mariya Savinova- Farnosova has been stripped of her 800m London 2012 Olympic Games gold medal after the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS) on Friday imposed a four- year ban saying there was " clear evidence" she used performance- enhancing drugs. The 31- year- old Savinova was among the athletes that a commission set up by the World Anti- Doping Agency ( WADA) recommended be banned for life in 2015. Pamela Jelimo of Kenya was fourth and is now in contention for a medal. Jelimo had won gold in Beijing four years earlier. "
Javadekarâ? ? He talked about how education holds the key to our future with 40 crore parents being directly connected to it. " 2.
The North Frontier pocket - Upper Assam has Bodo and ULFA agitation. In one conversation Hoda spelt out the plan to derail trains and kill people, the intelligence officials passed on the audio link to their counterparts in the middle- east. " Explosives kept at the track in East Champaran, the derailment of the Patna- Indore express on November 21 near Kanpur and the Koneru derailment have all been referred to the NIA, " sources said. Their aim appears to be to cause more damage to infrastructure than people, " sources added. Like the one in Mumbai, there have been instances of big boulders being brought from elsewhere and deliberately put on tracks. Also read
This is, in his own words, keeping the ' convenience of the force in mind' . In what many have termed an ' unprecedented departure from an age- old norm' , the Director General of the India' s biggest central armed police force, the Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) , K Durga Prasad has declined a farewell parade being planned for his retirement at the end of the month. He recounted, " For about a month, nearly 1, 000 troops pooled in from all across the country march up and down in practice for the farewell parade at the CRPF training academy near Gurugram. In this, a farewell parade would have meant that my personnel would be committed for an extended period to duties which are ceremonial in nature" . Instead, " I visited my troops where they are, heard them and am trying to address their issues" , he said. Someone retiring as a DG definitely deserves a show.
The fest will held in collaboration with the Wildlife Institute of India ( WII) and would be attended by prominent conservationists, including Dr George Schaller and Dr A J T Johnsingh, a WII spokesman said. The fest will see discussion on nature conservation in the mountains followed by panel discussion on natural and cultural heritage of the Himalayan region and heritage walk in GHNP, the spokesman said.
But that is just the kind of progress we have made over time. So it does not come as a surprise that plus- size supermodel Ashley Graham would feature in the upcoming edition of Vogue. Fashion' s Fearless Female' , the issue features Ashley Graham, Gigi Hadid, Kendall Jenner, Adwoa Aboah, Liu Wen, Vittoria Ceretti, and Imaan Hammam- - all of them in black turtleneck tops, and multi- coloured, high- waist beach shorts.
Last month, the PSA Group had inked a partnership with the CK Birla group to re- enter the Indian market and earmarked an initial investment of 100 million euros ( around Rs 700 crore) to set up vehicle and powertrain manufacturing in Tamil Nadu. Also read: Tesla gives Modi' s Make in India a fillip, to make cars in IndiaThe initial manufacturing capacity will be set at about 1, 00, 000 vehicles per year and followed by incremental investment to support a progressive ramp- up of the long- term project. Also read: Ambassador: The best taxi in the worldAs things stand, the manufacturing of Ambassador car has been discontinued. " The manufacturing capacity for powertrains will cater to the domestic market requirements and global OEMs.
Madhusudanan, claimed that he had sacked Sasikala before she expelled him from the AIADMK. SASIKALA SACKS MADHUSUDANANEarlier, sending a strong message to her detractors, Sasikala sacked Madhusudanan from the primary membership of the party, a day after he switched over to the rebel camp led by caretaker Chief Minister O Panneerselvam, and appointed former minister K A Sengottaiyan in his place. Insisting that he continues to be the treasurer, Panneerselvam has written to banks not to allow anybody else to operate the party accounts without his consent. Sasikala had appointed another senior leader Dindigul C Srinivasan as the treasurer.
he said. Pointing out that he has started imposing heavy costs on such petitioners, he slapped fines of Rs 10 lakh on a Bihar MLA and Rs 1 lakh on a Maharashtra professor in two separate cases. See if you have a good cause we are with you but not for such petitions which take away judicial time. " The CJI' s remarks came just before the lawyer for the professor said she wanted to withdraw the case, which was filed challenging a circular issued by the Gujarat government. What has he got to do with it? This is Supreme Court. , " Khehar questioned.
Here ( the temple) the fraction of a second is not unobstructed. I am concerned whether a temple should be run in this way" . " The people there ( the priests) are not better enlightened that they can communicate to God better than devotees, " the judge said. Give a person one or two seconds to communicate with God.
Mitra expressed concern that many farmers could not procure agricultural inputs like fertilizers, seeds on time due to the note ban, and announced that the state government will create a special assistance fund of Rs 100 crore to " mitigate the suffering of farmers" . 27% due to this, " he added. The state growth rate may also dip to 9. Workers have lost jobs.
Rumours were rife that Ajith was anointed as her successor and that O Panneerselvam, who served as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu from 2001 to 2002 and again from 2014 to 2015, will guide Ajith Kumar when he takes charge as the chief minister. We do not trade. The last conversation I had with him was during the jallikattu [ row] , where I told him he should go to the people. WHERE IS THALA AJITH KUMAR? Watch the video here
I do not think it is a problem with the domestic structure or the school structure, because it is the very system that produced all those champion cricketers in the past. Analysing Sri Lanka' s recent poor run on foreign shores, former skipper and current chief selector Sanath Jayasuriya on Thursday lamented that in recent times, the country has failed to produce any of the champion cricketers of the past. " So, we need to assess this situation and find out where the problem is and correct it, " said the southpaw, who amassed 13430 runs from 445 ODIs and 6973 runs from 110 Tests.
The Three Lions lost all wickets in a single session to lose the second Test match by 108 runs, allowing Bangladesh to level the series 1- 1. ( Also read: Alastair Cook steps down as England Test captain after 4- 0 defeat vs India) But England backed him and he is done a great job over the last couple of years. Shane Warne, one of Alastair Cook' s harshest critics over the years, praised the former England captain saying that he is a very respectful guy with a lot of class. He' s respected and I think he is gone about it with a lot of class. Warney wished him luck and said now Cook can go on a record breaking spree. "
While both the leaders appeared confident of claiming the chief minister' s chair, the governor is yet to formally take a call. # TamilNadupic. twitter. com/ pImGIgP4GHMeet between DGP T K Rajendran and Tamil Nadu Governor C Vidyasagar Rao underway in Chennai pic. She has majority.
Researchers from Durham University in UK spent years listening to the communication calls of one of our closest ape relatives. London, Feb 9 ( PTI) Scientists may have analysed almost 5, 000 orangutan " kiss squeaks" - purse- lipped consonant- like calls that appear to convey different messages to understand how human ancestors formed their earliest words. The team studied kiss squeaks in particular because, like many consonants they depend on the action of the lips, tongue and jaw rather than the voice. "
Actors, not stars. In the courtroom drama called Jolly LLB 2, Jagdishwar Mishra aka Jolly ( Akshay Kumar) is the lead actor. ALSO READ: Bombay High Court orders deletion of four scenes from Akshay Kumar' s Jolly LLB 2At its core, Jolly LLB 2 is the story of the condition of courts in the country, much like its predecessor. So you HAVE to have Akshay Kumar delivering lectures on patriotism in the courtroom. So when a second film in the franchise is announced, and an Akshay Kumar is attached along with it, it sort of brings about mixed feelings in people. But no. It is an Akshay Kumar film. But there are enough to get by.
They had seen a plane, mid- air, on fire. " Jet flight 9W 2374 was scheduled to fly from Goa to Mumbai at 4. ALSO READ|   Singapore Airlines engine trouble sets wing on fire, 241 evacuated safelyAccording to a top source at the airport, the pilot was aware that a technical fault had occurred in the left wing of the engine but did not know that it had caught fire. The pilot informed Air Traffic Control ( ATC) and the plane made an emergency landing without any casualties. Hours earlier on the same day, a Jet Airways flight with 161 people on board veered off the runway and skidded into the field at Goa airport. Airbus A320 has two engines on either side.
ALSO READ: These photos from Neil and Rukmini' s sangeet, mehendi ceremony are too good to miss WATCH: Neil Nitin Mukesh shakes a leg to Kala Chashma at his engagement in Udaipur The big fat Indian wedding saw almost 500 guests in Udaipur who joined the bride and groom on their special day. # MineForever # abouttoenter # weddingjitters # beautifulbride # indianbride # NeilandRukmini # Neilnitinmukesh # bollywoodweddings # celebrity # indianweddings # twsindia # theweddingstoryindia # love # couple # celebration # fairytale # photography # weddings # destinationweddings # UdaipurIndia # bridaldressup # groom # allreadytogetmarriedA photo posted by The Wedding Story ( @ theweddingstoryindia) on Feb 9, 2017 at 7: 48am PSTWhile Rukmini looked stunning in a red lehenga embellished with stones and sadhi work, Neil looked royal in a maroon sherwani. ! What he has done for the family, for the family' s name and for his grandfather' s name. .
ALSO READ: Are Saif' s daughter Sara and Shahid' s brother Ishaan in a relationship? Hence, when news broke that Ishaan will be launched by renowned Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi in Beyond The Clouds, everyone was shocked. # beyondtheclouds # majidmajidi # berlinale # eyecandyfilms # zeestudios
But there is more to it than meets the eye. Apparently, the ruling Samajwadi Party is trying to put its best foot forward in western UP, which is why Akhikesh rallies were planned earlier this week. Akhilesh Yadav had already planned rallies on the same day in Baraily and Rampur in western Uttar Pradesh.
It is for the state legislature to consider in its wisdom as to which laws are required to be made considering the circumstances prevailing in the state, " the state government said. Among the minorities, 28. Jammu and Kashmir law secretary Abdul Majid Bhat contended that Sharma' s view, saying, " Assertion of the petitioner for setting up a state minority commission in Jammu and Kashmir through proper legislation including time- bound identification and notification of religious and linguistic minorities by the state is legally not maintainable. 3 per cent) . 9 per cent) , Buddhists ( 0. In Kashmir valley, about 96.
Yes, human trafficking. He was well- dressed. In a hushed tone then, Sheila told the little girl to go to the toilet, where Sheila had left a note for the teenager, which she later responded to with the message, " I need help" . Sheila told the news channel.
Young wicketkeeper- batsman Rishabh Pant has been named the captain of the Delhi one- day team replacing Gautam Gambhir signalling a change of guard in senior state team. It was learnt that chairman of selection committee Atul Wasan personally spoke to Gambhir to inform him about the decision of the selection committee.
Assembly Elections 2017: Full Coverage Blaming the Samajwadi Party for Muzaffarnagar and Dadri incidents, the Shahi Imam said that the state witnessed over 400 communal cofrontations during Akhilesh' s rule.  " How can you rely on a person who has ill treated his father, " Bukhari said. I met Mulayam several times on the issue of reservation to Muslims and Netaji brought the same to the notice of Akhilesh Yadav but he did nothing. Voting in the first phase of Assembly election on 73 constituencies is scheduled to be held on February 11.
. India is a religiously diverse and democratic society with a Constitution that provides legal equality for its citizens irrespective of their religion and prohibits religion- based discrimination, " said USCIRF chair Thomas J. Reese. The report, titled ' Constitutional and Legal Challenges Faced by Religious Minorities in India' and sponsored by the US Commission on International Religious Freedom ( USCIRF) , said the religious minority communities and Dalits face discrimination and persecution in India where hate crimes, social boycotts and forced conversion have escalated dramatically since 2014. " Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, and Jains generally are fearful of what the future portends. Operationalise the term ' minority' in its federal laws and comply with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious, and Linguistic Minorities. In 2015, there were 751 reported incidents of communal violence, up from 644 in 2014.
A special CBI court on Wednesday asked banks to verify signatures and not act on any letters sent by Indrani Mukherjea, accused in Sheena Bora murder case. She had addressed the letters to Syndicate Bank, Worli and a bank in New Zealand.
WHAT IS CHINAMAN? If he possesses ' a ' Googly' , the ball is supposed to leave the right hander and come into the left hander. VARIATIONS OF A CHINAMAN BOWLERWell, it is traditionally wrist spin. WHY CHINAMAN? Although he is not the first ever Indian chinaman blower as that tag belongs to Preeti Dimri, he became the first ever chinaman bowler to earn a call- up in the Indian Test team. So much so that there have been only around 30 of them in international cricket. He has also represented the Aussies in seven Tests and 15 T20Is picking up 17 and seven wickets in the process.
. Pakistan remains committed to the principles of peaceful existence with all of its neighbours, including India, " he said, adding that Islamabad was open for dialogue and took a number of initiatives but India failed to respond positively. " Pakistan' s claims of India' s secret nuclear city is baseless. This aims to deflect attention from real issue of terrorism, " Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Vikas Swarup  told reporters in New Delhi.
A source was quoted by Bollywood Life as saying, " Rajamouli is currently busy with Baahubali 2, but he is thrilled about Mahabharat. According to reports, Rajamouli is planning to approach Rajinikanth, Mohanlal and Aamir Khan to star in the mega- budgeted film. He said, " I am a huge fan of Rajamouli' s work and if he ever plans to make Mahabharata, I would love to play Krishna or Karna. I might actually go with Krishna. "
? There are 73 FOBs in the city and the government is planning to construct 60 more at important intersections. Read more| Noida? s? A security guard will also be posted, and that is why we are planning to give maintenance to private parties, ? The new FOBs will have ramps and escalators, and since Delhi receives substantial amounts of rain, the government is planning to have lifts at many places. for transport, the official said. only walk?
3 crore due to the breach. The National Payments Corporation of India ( NPCI) had said over 600 customers had reported losses of at least Rs 1. The company, a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Japanese Hitachi, made the acknowledgement following the receipt of final assessment report from payments and information security audit firm SISA Information Security, and said it " regrets" the inconvenience caused. We assure you of our highest commitment to building a robust infrastructure in our systems and preventing such cyber frauds in future, " Anthony said.
Noting that 1, 500 violators have been caught since the launch of drive last November, Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia termed the move a " success" . In order to rope in people in its ongoing drive against open drinking, Delhi government today decided to issue a WhatsApp number through which people could make complaint against those consuming liquor in public places in the national capital. .
@ htdelhi @ htTweets pic. twitter. Official said that the step is part of a trial run at Delhi airport and if passenger response was favourable, then the dress code would be implemented at other airports too. We had conducted trial run of baggage tag removal and now we have changed the dress code of our personnel. ? Singh said.
Karun Nair today became only the fourth batsman to be excluded from the playing XI of the next Test after scoring a triple hundred in his previous Test. ( Virat Kohli settles Ajinkya Rahane - Karun Nair debate ahead of Hyderabad Test) Karun had to make way for Ajinkya Rahane, who was selected in the India side for their one- off Test against Bangladesh which started in Hyderabad today.
When I had assisted the Anti Poaching Unit of the Forest Department for primary investigations at the Film City in October last year the actress made us wait for an hour with her rude staff which did not cooperate and all of them had misled the forest department stating that it was VFX / Graphics and not a real snake. The incident took place in October 2016. Cobra is a reptile protected under the Wildlife Conservation Act, 1972. Shruti was shooting for the TV series, ' Nagarjuna - Ek Yoddha' , based on the mythical Naag Lok, which is a part of Hindu puranas and epics like the Mahabharata.
Miandad is the third major player after Imran Khan and Rashid Latif to spurn the PCB invitation to attend the conference called by chairman Shaharyar Khan in Lahore on March 6 and 7. But it makes no sense to have this conference with local players when the board is employing foreign coaches on heavy salaries, " he said. He also lashed out at the PCB' s announcement that it would hold a two- day round table conference in Lahore in March with leading former captains and stalwarts to discuss and find solutions to Pakistan' s cricket problems. " ( Pakistan ' way behind' others in terms of fitness, fielding: Mickey Arthur)
Babies with this condition are perpetually jaundiced as their liver does not produce an enzyme that is necessary to break down bilirubin, a yellowish bi- product of body? Read More: World? ? said Dr Sibbal. s when we knew that just phototherapy will not be enough, ? said Khalid Abdullah Baturfi Al Khindi, his father, who donated 30% of his liver for the transplant. That?
In a remark likely to court controversy, Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat on Wednesday said every person born in India is a Hindu. " Even Muslims are Hindus by nationality, they are Muslims by faith only, " he said in Baitul, Madhya Pradesh. .
It is a damp squib. com/ bePaQmUjkoJust after his address to the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, the Prime Minister had tweeted: " Spoke about demonetisation, why it was essential and how the entire nation has come together to uproot corruption and black money" . he tweeted. pic.
? The Ansals were found guilty of negligence but were not jailed, with the court treating the time spent by them behind bars as sentence served. UPAHAAR1_ text1 { width: 98% ; font- size: 110% ; color: # F00; font- weight: bold; margin- top: 5px; padding- left: 5px; float: left} . UPAHAAR1_ img { width: auto; float: left} . hindustantimes. s registry. March 5, 2014: SC holds Sushil and Gopal Ansal guilty of criminal negligence in the 1997 Uphaar cinema fire, but leaves it to another bench to decide their punishment. .
ALSO READ: Zaheer Khan and rumoured girlfriend Sagarika Ghatge arrive together at Yuvraj- Hazel' s Delhi receptionPHOTOS: Zaheer- Sagarika to Virat- Anushka, Bollywood' s love affair with Cricket And months after the speculation, Sagarika, who will next seen in Irada, opened up on the link- up rumours with Zaheer. Reportedly, the couple met through common friends and hit it off immediately. I have never spoken about my personal relationships. In an interview to Mid- Day, Sagarika said, " Let' s just say I am in a very happy space right now.
The work of revision is ongoing and constant; even though it seems that the latest slang gets the most attention when dictionaries issue lists of new words, the additions come from the whole range of registers and from every corner of the language, " the Merriam- Webster Dictionary said in its blog. " In some cases, terms have been observed for years and are finally being added; in others, the fast rise and broad acceptance of a term has made for a quicker journey. New words from the ever- expanding vocabulary of cooking and food include arancini, EVOO and macaron, as well as sharp tools of the kitchen santoku and chefs knife. Familiar words combine to give us metaphors or imagery like train wreck, side- eye and weak sauce.
Actor Kamal Haasan has been tweeting in mysterious language as to what is unravelling in Tamil Nadu, especially the battle between VK Sasikala and O Panneerselvam. 3. " In his interview, Haasan agreed that Sasikala' s proximity to Jayalalithaa is no reason for her to become the chief minister and she should back off and let the people decide. " I am one of them. We do not know what is coming to us. I am being careful in what I am going to say so that it does not get embroiled with the violent forces that have now been in politics for quite some time. Let' s not pinppoint a lady. " . Kamraj- ji, Raja- ji. 6. "
The district authorities have identified these voters in six assembly constituencies. Muzaffarnagar, Feb 8 ( PTI) Braille ballot papers would be provided to help 966 visually impaired voters exercise their franchise during the first phase of Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections on February 11 here, an official said today. As many as 19.
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) today said that the weekly withdrawal limit for savings account will be raised to Rs 50, 000 from February. The top bank added that limitations on cash withdrawal, which was put in place after November 8, 2016 notes ban, would be removed  completely from March 13. On January 30, the RBI had ended all curbs on withdrawals from Current Accounts, Cash Credit Accounts and Overdraft Accounts.
Tamil Nadu Governor Ch. Tamil Nadu' s ruling AIADMK is locked in an ugly war within as acting Chief Minister O Panneerselvam has vowed to stay put in office while party General Secretary VK Sasikala Natarajan accused him of trying to split the party with the opposition DMK' s backing. pic. com/ P56JnRKzi3# SasikalaNatarajan leaves # PoesGarden residence in Chennai for # AIADMK MLAs meet at party headquarter. ? Asked if the AIADMK chief had charged him with association with DMK as she could not find any other allegation, he quoted a Tamil proverb, the meaning of which is " I have nothing and no one to fear as I have done no wrong. " Also read:
Mumbai, Feb 6 ( PTI) Filmmaker Sajid Nadiadwala has confirmed that actors Salman Khan and Karisma Kapoor will make a special appearance in " Judwaa 2" . The reports of the original " Judwaa" stars making a cameo in the upcoming reboot have been doing the rounds since the film was announced with Varun Dhawan in the lead role.
When Rajkumar Hirani announced the third installment of the Munna Bbhai series, fans were over the moon. However, Munna Bhai Chale Amrica hit a roadblock when Sanjay Dutt was incarcerated in 2013. This is why
AIADMK general secretary Sasikala Natarajan today said that DMK was behind interim chief minister O Panneerselvam' s revolt against her. She had called for an emergency meeting at the Poes Garden late on Tuesday night after a dramatic turn in Tamil Nadu' s politics wherein the incumbent Tamil Nadu CM Panneerselvam dropped a bombshell, saying he was forced to resign and propose party general secretary Sasikala' s name to the top elected post in the state. Sasikala said all the party legislators were united as a single family.
Air India has come down heavily on its international crew members after it emerged that they have been filling their tiffin boxes with food from the buffet tables placed at international hotels where they stayed at.
Sasikala, who was elected the legislative party leader on Sunday, is facing opposition from several quarters on taking over as Tamil Nadu chief minister. org has garnered more than 1. 5 lakh signatures.
Further, about Rs 8, 000 crore of credits in the undisclosed foreign accounts of Indians, whose names were disclosed by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists ( ICIJ) , have been detected, " Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha. NO ESTIMATION OF AMOUNT STASHED ABROADThere is no official estimation of quantum of black money stashed abroad by Indians, he said. " The Black Money ( Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015 ( The BM Act) was enacted to specifically and effectively tackle the issue of black money stashed away abroad, the minister said. Jaitley also listed a number of measures that have been put in place by the government to curb the menace of black money.
Reminiscing his ' Perfect Ten' against Pakistan on this very day 18 years ago, leg- spin legend and current India coach Anil Kumble on Tuesday said nobody gave him a chance to pick all the 10 wickets in an innings and he felt privileged to achieve the " rare" cricketing feat. 3 overs to hand India a remarkable 212- run victory over arch- rivals Pakistan at the Ferozeshah Kotla ground in Delhi.
When the body is healthy. he said. Somewhere on the way, ' Jan Shakti' ( people power) was forgotten and we do not accept this, " he said.  " They think the country got independence only due to one family, " Modi said in an apparent attack on the Nehru dynasty. Faith in Jan Shakti will give results. " .
A 5. 8 magnitude earthquake rattled Uttarakhand on Monday ( February 6) evening  sending tremors all across north India, including Delhi and its adjoining areas, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab. Several reports based on study of movement of tectonic plates have pointed out that a catastrophic earthquake could hit Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and other parts of north India in years to come. The big ones, literally, shake us up. ( With inputs from IANS)
Government Polytechnic College in Bandra has finally found a way to avoid eve- teasing by separating the seating areas of girls and boys in the canteen area and slapping a dress code on the girls studying in the college. The thoughtless comment enraged many as it does not makes sense, scientifically, or even logically and only encourages a sexist approach towards the situation of women in India. Not only this, the Principle who is a woman herself said that PCOS, polycystic ovarian syndrome is caused when girls dress up like men.
? still waiting for developmentSteps on the cards1) DUSIB will provide 5, 000 bunk beds, 10, 000 mattresses along with bed sheets, blankets, pillows and pillow covers, LED, TVs, water coolers and geysers at the cost of Rs5 crore to improve the quality of life in shelters for homeless2) The board also approved four new shelters for urban homeless under National Urban Livelihood Mission ( NULM) at Dwarka, Geeta Colony, Rohini and Nangloi, which will accommodate 72 families and 1, 200 homeless people3) Construction of 582 EWS houses at Sangam Park under the scheme of in- situ rehabilitation of slum in Delhi said a Delhi government spokesperson. The second issue was that in case JJ Bastis, existing in land belonging to the Central government or agencies like Railway, DDA and others, the respective agency may either carry out the rehabilitation themselves as per the policy of Delhi government or may entrust the job to DUSIB, ? Jaha Jhuggi, Wahan Makaan? Adarsh Basti?
75 crore. According to Shirdi Sai Temple Trust' s trustee, Sachin Tambe, the temple had received Rs 393 crore in 2015, while in 2016, it got Rs 403. The much- talked about note ban had no impact on the famous Shirdi Saibaba temple as it received offerings worth Rs 403.
Putting an to end to rumours suggesting an unnatural death, the London specialist who treated her, Dr Richard Beale, said that the former chief minister suffered from acute diabetes and died of respiratory failure. Beale was accompanied by Balaji, a government doctor, Babu Abraham, a critical care consultant for Apollo Hospitals and Sudha Seshaiyyan, who performed embalming on Jayalalithaa' s body. Tamil actor Gautami Tadimalla writes to PM Modi for answers
Somnath Mhatre' s attempt for a photo- op with a rescued cobra turned fatal in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra. Mhatre died on February 2.
ALSO READ | Akshay Kumar in Jolly LLB 2: Is this Arshad Warsi' s revenge? 1. The two- page statement said, " In view of the imminent release of the film Jolly LLB 2 and steps undertaken in relation thereto, we offer the following statement without prejudice to the objections raised by the film producers on 30th January with regards to the jurisdiction, constitution and appointment of a committee particularly when the film has been duly certified by the statutory authority that is the CBFC. " ( sic) 2. ( sic)
Apart from slamming the government over the death of veteran Kerala MP E. Ahamed, Kharge also touched upon the issue of demonetisation. : Cong' s M. Kharge in LSAlso read: E Ahamed passes away after collapsing in ParliamentKharge  then added, " You are good in speaking, you give good speeches, but you cannot fill stomach with good speeches. " Desh ki ekta ke liye Gandhi ji ne kurbani di, Indra Ji ne kurbani di. Aapke ghar se kaun gaya?
To this, the IO replied in the affirmative and said it would take some time to conclude the investigation. AAP leader and chief of Delhi Commission for Women Swati Maliwal was today granted bail by a Special Court in a case of alleged irregularities in the recruitment process of the women' s panel. Also read: Former DCW chiefs slam incumbent Swati Maliwal for lodging corruption case
However, after a decent start to the South Africa tour the same year, he fell apart with then captain Andrew Strauss and coach Andy Flower. Since then KP has not represented England in any of the formats. Pietersen, who last played a Test against Australia in Sydney back in January 2014 has always been vocal about making a comeback for England in international cricket. However, a knee injury forced him to miss the return series in May.
Putting an to end to rumours suggesting an unnatural death, Dr Beale said that the former chief minister suffered from acute diabetes and died of respiratory failure. When asked about why no pictures of Amma were released, the doctor said that they did not allow release of information about patients who are critical. " Jaya recovered only to sink quickly, " he added. Tamil actor Gautami Tadimalla writes to PM Modi for answers
The pilot instead decided to fly all the way to their destination at the IGI airport in Delhi where it was allegedly denied permission to land for not following the standard operating procedure. Protocol demands that the aircraft should have contacted the nearest ATC and seek priority landing. A PTI report said the Delhi- bound flight, carrying 122 passengers and crew on board, was diverted to Jaipur later on.
PHOTOS: These new photos of Saif- Kareena with Taimur are too cute to missBut while Kareena' s friends like Manish Malhotra cheered her on, her husband Saif Ali Khan was missing from the show. We share the responsibility. She said, " He is so hands- on because he has done it before but I feel there is an intensity with which his son looks at him, more than when he looks at me. @ lakmefashionwk @ anitadongre - semih kareenafc # kareenakapoorkhan # kareenakapoor # bollywoodstyleA video posted by NehAli Bhatti ( @ nehali_ queen) on Feb 5, 2017 at 7: 34pm PST ?
CCTV cameras - monitored by male staff - installed in the home showed mentally challenged women roaming around nude. Not only were the washrooms in a deplorable condition with excreta, menstruation blood and urine spread all over with patients walking over them, even the rooms housing them were reeking of urine as the patients relieved themselves there, DCW officials told Mail Today" In addition to overcrowding, we saw mentally challenged residents sweeping the house, cleaning clothes and tending to the staff' s need like massaging legs. Among other shocking revelations, the team found that mentally challenged children are being denied mattresses. Barring one psychiatrist who visits the home for a few hours once a week, several positions for doctors have been lying vacant at the home, " the official said.
ALSO SEE: Sunny Leone' s bathtub pictures with Daniel Weber are too hot to handleSunny revealed that her first heartbreak happened when her family moved from Michigan to California, and she had to leave behind her high school boyfriend, who used to write her sweet love letters. And while she was smitten, her parents hated him. I was at one end of the hallyway, sitting on his lap and we were making out, and I hear my dad walking down the hallway. I was like, ' Oh my god, my dad just caught me making out with this boy. '
Kaabil also became the first Bollywood film to release in Pakistam since their ban on Indian films, and reports suggest that the film is already running to packed theatres there. 46 croreHere is the day- to- day breakdown of Kaabil box- office collection: Day 1 - Wednesday ( Jan 25) - Rs 10. 54 croreDay 5 - Sunday ( Jan 29) - Rs 15. 5 crore ( approx) Approximate eleven- day box- office collection of Raees: Rs 137. 52 croreDay 8 - Wednesday ( Feb 1) - Rs 7. 40 crore
A lawyer reviewing municipal account documents in a village next to the Strazov Mountains of Slovakia, signed his go- ahead by drawing a small circle with two dots and a line - an image recognised today as a smiley- face emoji. But it is certainly one of the oldest in the Trencin region, " said Peter Brindza, head of the National Archives in Slovakia. I do not know if its the oldest Slovakian smiley or the world' s oldest.
ALSO READ | Kangana on spat with Hrithik: I was threatened, my parents were concerned about my safetyALSO READ | Timeline of the Hrithik- Kangana legal warALSO READ | Rakesh Roshan breaks silence on Hrithik- Kangana fight, says truth will shock everyoneWhile Hrithik has maintained a dignified silence, Kangana has been vocal since day one, insisting that Hrithik was in a romantic relationship with her " behind closed doors. " She revealed, " there were instances when he ( Hrithik) was going and crying to the entire industry, wanting them to sabotage my career, and people were calling me and saying - ' He met us, he has showed us proofs and ( do you) want to meet us because we want to know your side of the story as well? ' . ' So I thought there would be some reveal but there was none and obviously those were just threats. " .
Congress leader Priyanka Gandhi was yet again on the receiving end as BJP leader and union minister Mahendranath Pandey took a jibe on her saying she is like special tool brought by Congress to impress voters in Uttar Pradesh Assembly election. Whenever special guests visit us then we clean it and keep it on the eating table. It would not make a difference ( in elections) , " Pandey said.
Describing Kashmir issue is the " unfinished agenda of partition and the oldest disputes in the UN Security Council, Sharif said " for the last seven decades India has denied the people of Kashmir the right to self- determination promised to them by the international community through numerous UN Security Council resolutions" . Also read:  Pak minister: Hope assembly elections in India help resume talks
Mumbai, Feb 4 ( PTI) Making debut opposite Shah Rukh may be every Bollywood aspirants dream, but the superstar says working with him does not make anyone " an actor" . Most of the actresses, including Deepika Padukone and Anushka Sharma, who made their debut with SRK, are doing fairly well in their careers, but the 51- year- old actor says they were experienced in some or the other way before starting their Bollywood journey.
The Nitro Series promised to make athletics a show and the sport' s ultimate show- man Usain Bolt capped its first meeting in Melbourne on Saturday by propelling his team of international " All- Stars" to a crowd- pleasing win in the 4x100 metres relay. For me that was exciting. " Christine Ohuruogu, the 2008 Olympic 400m champion, captained Team England. Usain Bolt and ( agent) Ricky Simms have not just put their name to it, and are not just taking part, they have taken a stake in the business itself. " Bolt' s first run of the year and first in Australia brought the curtain down on opening night of the Series, which has pledged to " revolutionise" athletics with a team- based event that borrows heavily from the formula of sport and entertainment which has underpinned Twenty20 cricket' s considerable success.
The ICC in its three- day meeting agreed to the changes made to the pitch and outfield monitoring process, which stated that venues and boards should be more accountable for the standard of pitches and outfields they present for international matches. When a venue accumulates five demerit points its ICC accreditation will be suspended for a period of 12 months. The ICC also proposed that the top nine Test- playing countries will compete among themselves in a rolling two- year league and against the three lower- ranked teams.
After the shocking incident wherein a 24- year- old female software engineer was murdered inside Infosys campus in Pune on January 29. In addition to self defence classes, the management of Infosys is looking into other measures to ensure their employees' safety. people are taking it seriously and they want to practice more to make themself perfect, " said an employee Bhavesh Kothari. As many as 1000 female employees attended the self defence workshop.
Yes, you read that right. They want women who would be comfortable with cleaning houses naked. Naturist Cleaner vacancy ad has gone viral ever since they announced that they are paying 45 pounds an hour ( around Rs 3, 770) for women " of all ages and figures" who would clean " private houses across the UK" wearing nothing but slippers and gloves. " There' s nothing sexual about the business at all, " said owner Laura Smith.
Why? " Punjab began voting for all 117 assembly constituencies in the state at 8 a. m. , while polling for Goa' s 40 assembly seats got underway at 7 a. m. Also read: Assembly Elections 2017: FULL COVERAGEKejriwal also slammed Modi for his November 8 demonetisation move and said it had failed to curb black money. " Just like Modiji destroyed the RBI, he has also destroyed the Election Commission by appointing his cronies in the Commission, " Kejriwal said. Modiji had said that the note ban will put an end to black money.
He has reiterated time and again his accessibility on digital and social media platforms to the common citizen of India. Also read | Sasikala set to take charge as Tamil Nadu CM? As a political leader, who has promised to listen to his people and bring about true and meaningful change in the way this country has been governed through the past decades, this denying any knowledge even of a justified and rightful query from the very citizens of his country is disappointing to say the least. Yes, several members of the central government and other officials have travelled back and forth to Chennai during the period of Amma' s hospitalisation and " treatment" but have we, the people of Tamil Nadu, received even one response to any of our entreaties? Why must we be forced to accept this apathy towards our anguish and uncertainty? As a political leader, who has promised to listen to his people and bring about true and meaningful change in the way this country has been governed through the past decades, this denying any knowledge even of a justified and rightful query from the very citizens of his country is disappointing to say the least. With the truth.
Assembly Elections 2017: Full CoveragePrime Minister Modi will be addressing one more rally in Aligarh on Sunday ( February 5) as part of his campaign plan before the February 11 polling in the first phase. Desh ke liye jaan ki baazi lagane walon ke liye OROP humne laagu kiya: PM Modi pic. com/ FrCvkZG10bUP sarkaar har cheez vote bank ke tarazu se tolti rahi hai: PM Narendra Modi in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh pic. twitter.
DMK working president MK Stalin released a statement today advising Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam to quit worrying about his post and concentrate on governance instead. Stalin said that Tamil Nadu is facing threats from neighboring states who wish to build dams across the interstate flowing reverse, which my cause adverse effects on farming. " As the officers cannot work under OPS without AIADMK head' s nod, the state machinery has come to a halt" , he stated. "
Atletico Madrid defender Lucas Hernandez was arrested in the early hours of Friday on suspicion of having assaulted his girlfriend, Spanish police said. They said the Guardia Civil - the national gendarmerie - were called at 2: 30 a. m. to Hernandez' s home in Las Rozas, near Madrid, after the French U21 player was involved in a domestic dispute with his girlfriend.
This is the first time a special rose is named after a President. For the first time, two new roses named after President Pranab Mukherjee and his wife late Suvra Mukherjee have been put on display. Apart from the main Mughal Gardens, other gardens including Circular, Spiritual, Herbal, Bonsai and Cactus, Nakshatra, Musical and Tactile will also be open for public from February 5 to March 12 except on Mondays which are maintenance days between 9: 30 AM and 4: 00 PM. With an aim to increase awareness about the benefits of air purifying plants, around 30 varieties of them including Banana, Dedrobium orchid, Weeping fig, Moth orchid, Red edged Dracaena, Barberton daisy, Aloe Vera, English Ivy, Dwarf Date Palm among others, have been put on display in various sections across the gardens. President Mukherjee will inaugurate the gardens tomorrow.
But we are totally committed, " Pakistani Minister of Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal told a gathering here. Pakistan hopes that there will be a better environment to pursue peace talks with India after the state assembly elections in the neighbouring country, a senior minister has said. " But I think, there is a little issue that, in Pakistan, since 93 I do not remember any election where any leadership has shown any sensitivity towards doing India bashing in order to get some extra votes in the elections. So instead of opposing CPEC, it should now join CPEC and look at different opportunities, " he said, adding CPEC would provide India shortest land route to do trade with most of China. " Also read:
We are winning in Jalalabad. Sukhbir Badal is losing his deposits. AAP' s Sangrur MP Bhagwant Mann cast his vote today in Mohali and said he will defeat Sukhbir Singh Badal by a clear margin of a lakh votes. The EC should take action against her and cancel her visa, " Mann said.
( Also read: A decade after T20I debut, MS Dhoni slams maiden fifty) Dhoni, who continues to remain a crowd favourite, more than a decade after his debut, visited good friend and former teammate' s Virender Sehwag' s International School to speak about his own experiences at school. " Teachers are also considerate. It was a place where I started playing cricket and I was very sincere about my studies. People are more career- oriented.
In a dramatic twist in the December 2012 Nirbhaya gangrape case, the Supreme Court has agreed to hear the sentencing of all four accused. THE BACKGROUND: Six people, including a juvenile, had brutally assaulted a 23- year- old  woman in a moving bus in South Delhi on December 16, 2012. She died in a Singapore hospital on December 29, 2012, triggering nation- wide protests that resulted in giving more teeth to laws related to rape and other forms of sexual harassment.
God save us! " Congress President Sonia Gandhi' s son- in- law Robert Vadra on Friday slammed the BJP after party leader Vinay Katiyar was included in its list of star campaigners for Uttar Pradesh. " Really shocks me to see a name in star campaigner list with tainted past and who completely disrespects women with his comments.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh today spoke to Nagaland Chief Minister T. R. Zeliang over the tensed scene in the capital city of Kohima. Rajnath Singh has assured all possible help from the Centre and is said to be closely monitoring the situation. Also read: Nagaland: Protesters angry over women' s quota in local polls set fire to government offices in Kohima Also read: Nagaland tense over anti- women' s qouta stir, two killed in police firing
( Kohli' s witty response to journalist: Sri, if I do everything, what will the others do? ) Former Australian middle- order stalwart Michael Hussey has urged Steven Smith' s men to not try and rile India captain Virat Kohli in the four- Test series which starts this month. Kohli seems to enjoy these battles and not many teams around the world want to rub the run- machine the wrong way. But that backfired on the hosts as Kohli went on to slam his then Test best of 169 in the Boxing Day match.
Trinamool Congress MP today protested against the Narendra Modi government in the Parliament House complex on Friday, alleging that it was indulging in " vendetta politics" in a probe into a chit fund scam. They also alleged that the Central Bureau of Investigation was being misused by the government. TMC MP Sudip Bandyopadhyay was recently arrested in connection with an alleged chit fund scam of the Rose Valley company.
Also read: MP Police launches mobile app MP e- Cop for women safety Family and friends of Akanksha claim they used to receive telephone calls from her till about two months back and when the calls stopped her father got suspicious and registered a missing persons complaint with the Bankura policeThe Bankura police traced the calls to Bhopal and questioned Udyan Das on Thursday. Das initially tried to mislead the police but after grilling confessed he had killed her. In a shocking incident in Bhopal a 32- year- old man strangulated his live in partner, put her into a wooden box, converted the wooden box into a cement slab by pouring several bags of cement concrete and water into and slept on it every night for almost two months before police drilled out the body that was burred in concrete at a home in the city' s Saket Nagar suburb and arrested the accused late Thursday night. Though we knew him for the past 25 odd years he hardly used to interact with anyone. He also claimed that he had got married with Akanksha in a temple and that the two had together travelled to the US where his mother lived.
WANG DELIBERATELY WITHHELD? We are in touch with the Ministry of Home Affairs to ascertain the details and how best it could be handled. " Also read: Russia, US, Brexit and China to re- shape world order. The story of Wang Qi, who was a Chinese army surveyor who strayed into India in January 1963 and subsequently imprisoned until 1969, has garnered increasing attention in China after a report last week by the BBC describing his life in the village of Tirodi, in MP, and his desire to return to visit his family. Also read: China says it will not sit idle if India sells missiles to Vietnam
Also Read: Reliance Jio becomes the primary data connection on mobiles in India: Report According to a report by Credit Suisse, Jio has 94 per cent traffic share while Airtel, Vodafone and Idea contribute 2 per cent each to the traffic. A survey was conducted in 30 cities which revealed that Jio had better 4G coverage in 80 per cent of cities with atleast 30 per cent coverage presence in almost every city.
( Yuzvendra Chahal second bowler after Ajantha Mendis to take six- wicket haul in T20 InternationalsChahal became the first Indian bowler to take a five- wicket haul in T20Is, and he also took the third- best figures in the shortest format. So, he knows this surface as much as anybody else does. It' s a terrific effort. INDIA WERE OUTSTANDING'
The amount budgeted for Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana saw a four times jump with Rs 2, 700 crore being set aside this year as compared to Rs 634 crore in 2016- 17. This follows PMs announcement on New Years Eve to expand and universalise the existing maternity benefit programme. The scheme was earlier being implemented in 53 districts across the country on a pilot basis.
After a complaint filed by a child rights activist claiming that PETA websites carry sexual contents which are openly available to children, Tamil Nadu Commission for Protection of Child Rights has recommended to block all PETA web pages and take action against the sexually explicit ads shown on it. It is startling how PETA India has been allowed to use porn producers, promoters and other women who strip for money in advertisements, this is illegal in India" , stated Enoch in his complaint. Enoch had also clarified that many of PETA' s adds carry a double meaning quote which can provoke explicit thoughts in a child' s mind.
Game over. Lampard is not finished. He says the two at Bolton were his best with the one he scored for Chelsea at Aston Villa in 2013, which took him past Bobby Tambling? It is a moment that is seared on to the consciousness of Frank Lampard and every Chelsea fan ? What? Nevertheless, Lampard goes down as a Premier League great and he owes it all to his phenomenal work ethic and mental toughness; the desire that he has always had to prove his worth ? ve got better. ? Terry wrote. s greatest player.
Kuch din pehle bomb blast mein 6 log maare gye. Kejriwalji jo Delhi ke CM hain, wo in shaktiyon ko madad kar rhe hain, unhe khada hone de rhe hain ( Kejriwalji is backing those who were behind the bomb blast which killed 6 people a couple days ago, " Rahul said while referring to the January 31 blast in Bathinda district. This is a dangerous thing, " he said. A number of village elders, women, youth, including girls, also shared the meal with the Congress leader.
Taapsee Pannu, who was catapulted to the big league after her film Pink became a runaway hit, has joined the likes of Kangana Ranaut and Ranbir Kapoor by taking a stand against fairness creams. The actor was supposed to be a part of an event in Jaipur that was to be held next month, but she pulled out when she learnt that it was being organised by a fairness cream. I have actually lost a few films because of being fair so I will definitely not propagate fairness in any way. "
Recently, a cafe has come up at the Vidyut Bhawan and interestingly, all the items used here for furnishing it are junk and scrapped material which have been collected from the energy department' s junkyard. The idea was conceptualized by our Board Chairman, Pratyaya Amrit six months back and he suggested that the reception area which was unused for years be  converted into a cafe for our staff members. Also read: You can exchange a book for a meal at this Delhi University cafe So what are the scrapped items that have been used in a very innovative manner at this cafe?
Also read | Hafiz Saeed under house arrest, India welcomes move, protests expected in Pakistan: Top 10 facts " Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, Abdullah Ubaid, Zafar Iqbal, Abdur Rehman Abid and Qazi Kashif Niaz are reportedly active members of the aforementioned organisations within the meaning of Section 11EEE( 1) of the ATA 1997 ( as amended) , " read a notification issued by the ministry. " All of them were said to be linked with JuD or Lashkar- e- Taiba. Pakistan has placed Jamaat- ud- Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed' s name on the Exit Control List on Wednesday, two days after the Mumbai attack mastermind and his four aides were put under house arrest.
A Dewas court in Madhya Pradesh today acquitted Sadhvi Pragya Singh and seven others in former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi murder case. Later it was suspected that Joshi was eliminated by his own associates so that the police could not track down the saffron terror trail that was allegedly involved in several blasts, including the Samjhauta blasts. MURDER CASE TRANSFERRED TO NIA IN 2011The Sunil Joshi murder case was transferred to the NIA in 2011, which probed its connection with terror strikes that were linked with right- wing Hindu extremist organisation Abhinav Bharat.
People appreciate the goody two- shoes. Women are raised to believe they are healers. According to her, her female contemporaries hold back from saying how they feel for fear of backlash. " Kangana Ranaut may consider herself " opinionated and inherently badass" but she is dejected that her contemporaries in Bollywood are not like her. Thankfully, that is not true of everyone.
Personal income tax in Rs 2. 5 lakh - 5 lakh bracket has been reduced to 5 per cent from 10 per cent. Although the finance minister made some populist announcements in his Budget, tax rates on certain items have also been hiked.
Mexican and US football teams will play a tournament in protest of the wall that US President Donald Trump plans to build along the border of the two nations, a media reported said on Wednesday. Mexican sports daily Medio Tiempo said on Tuesday on its website that no date has yet been fixed for the aptly- named ' The Bridge Tournament' , Efe news reported.
England 123- 6 ( 15. 03 IST: SIX! Did not look like they will do so at the halfway mark but scintillating knocks from Raina and Dhoni made it possible. 41 IST: MS Dhoni' s maiden fifty ( 56) , Suresh Raina' s 63 help India post 202 vs England in 20 oversIt has taken MS Dhoni 10 years & 66 innings to score his maiden T20I fifty- the longest for any player in terms of time & innings. England bat deep and with the dew coming in later on, India will have their work cut out to post a good total on the board. There is a man in place in the deep but he is at mid- wicket and the ball meets the fence! # INDvENGFollow the chase: https: / / t. co/ MZ6wQXunehpic. ? 17 IST: OUT! 38 IST: FOUR! The ball goes straight up in the air and Virat Kohli takes a simple catch running to his right from mid off. twitter. England opt to bowl 18: 28 IST: Rishabh Pant becomes the youngest debutant for India in T20Is18: 25 IST: Rishabh Pant earns a well deserved debut in T20s for IndiaProud moment for Rishabh Pant as he gets his # TeamIndia Cap # INDvENGpic. Root shuffles a touch and flicks it handsomely over mid- wicket. # INDvENG21. Great shot that! 00 IST: SIX! 3 overs. IND 99/ 2 in 12 overs19. Classical shot. Suresh Raina walks in next19. Bowled him!
I. FARMERS20. 4% in 2014- 15 and 17% in 2015- 16. III. 3. Madam Speaker, I now turn to my proposals for the poor and the underprivileged. It will be our endeavour to improve upon these fiscal numbers, especially the fiscal deficit, in the next year, through greater focus on quality of expenditure and higher tax realisation from the huge cash deposits in Banks, triggered by demonetisation. V. INFRASTRUCTURE71. Demonetisation of high denomination bank notes was in continuation of a series of measures taken by our Government during the last two years. Also read: Union Budget 2017: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley gives a boost to affordable housing10. The following steps will therefore be taken : ( i) Railways will implement end to end integrated transport solutions for select commodities through partnership with logistics players, who would provide both front and back end connectivity. An Innovation Fund for Secondary Education will be created to encourage local innovation for ensuring universal access, gender parity and quality improvement. The allocation for the welfare of Scheduled Castes has been stepped up from ' 38, 833 crores in BE 2016- 17 to ' 52, 393 crores in2017- 18, representing an increase of about 35% . Mahila Shakti Kendra will be set up at village level with an allocation of Rs 500 crores in 14 lakh ICDS Anganwadi Centres. For builders for whom constructed buildings are stock- in- trade, I propose to apply this rule only after one year of the end of the year in which completion certificate is received so that they get some breathing time for liquidating their inventory. 4. I have preferred not to make many changes in current regime of Excise & Service Tax because the same are to be replaced by GST soon. In order not to have duplication of benefit, the existing benefit of rebate available to the same group of beneficiaries is being reduced to Rs 2500 available only to assesses upto income of Rs 3. I have made a provision of ' 3, 000 crores under the Department of Economic Affairs to implement various Budget announcements and other new schemes in 2017- 18. DIGITAL ECONOMY111. 1% to 4. 5% . 38 lakh crores. 74 crore. 5 to Rs 5 lakh, 52 lakh show income between Rs 5 to Rs 10 lakhs and only 24 lakh people show income above Rs 10 lakhs. Similarly, the threshold for maintenance of books for individuals and HUF is being increased from turnover of  Rs10 lakhs to Rs 25 lakhs or income from Rs 1. 03 lakh. will apply. 5 lakhs. Personal Income- Tax 173. Goods and Services Tax178.
We had installed a body scanner machine ( Pro Vision 2) to detect concealed objects made of metallic and non- metallic materials. However, with no replacement at hand, security officials are back to manual scanning of passengers through metal detectors, which is not foolproof. " On November 15, 2016, two drug traffickers from Afganistan were arrested from T3 after the health of one of them named Gulam Rabani deteriorated. Also read: Gold rush at airports after demonetisation
The Budget proposed to withdraw service tax on the purchase of e- tickets booked through IRCTC making railway travel cheaper. The Finance Minster announced several measures for improving Railways as he outlined the focus of the government on passenger safety, development, cleanliness and accounting and financing.
ALSO READ: Katrina Kaif seems to have fractured her hand, but. . The bench, consisting of justices VM Kanade and Sangitrao Patil said, " We have seen  the photographs; one of which shows a lawyer jumping on the dais and arguing with the judge. Waghmare is a practising lawyer from Nanded, who had said that the film is " nothing but an attempt to portray the Indian Legal Profession and Judicial System as a laughing stock to the society at large. "
It takes a chef three to ten years in training to be able to cut the fish right so it does not remain poisonous for the consumer. Here' s what you REALLY need to know about this Japanese delicacy: 1. 3. Fugu contains lethal amounts of the poison tetrodotoxin in its inner organs, especially the liver, ovaries, and the eyes; the skin is usually non- poisonous. 4.
The India Today- Axis survey ahead of the crucial Assembly elections in five states predicts a hung Assembly in Uttar Pradesh and a major boost to the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) in Punjab. While the Congress is likely to snatch Punjab from the Akali- Dal- BJP combine, the BJP is likely to trump the Congress to power in Uttarakhand and retain Goa.
Police say an Ohio burglar made himself at home in houses he broke into by cooking and showering before leaving. Authorities in Youngstown say, 33- year- old homeless Jacob Merchant brought his own food to cook during break- ins.
That he did. The service is apparently so bad that Big B had to tweet about it. VODAFONE PROBLEM SOLVED . ! THANK YOU . .
Her opposition to the way demonetisation was implemented, however, persists. Over the last three months, ties between the two politicians have strained with Mamata and other Trinamool leaders bashing Modi by using the most unparliamentary language. After having been scathingly critical of Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the inconvenience the demonetisation drive subjected commoners to, Trinamool Congress supremo Mamata Banerjee has asked her party leaders to refrain from launching personal attacks against him. The chief minister of West Bengal has asked her party MPs to boycott the budget reading as a mark of protest against demonetisation, but at the same time she has cautioned them against using derogatory language against the Prime Minister or referring to him as Modi Babu.
Also Read: JNU unrest: Missing boy' s mother appeals for his safety, Rajnath Singh orders SIT huntTravel and tourism minister Kapil Mishra said, " Delhi government has signed an agreement with JNU to establish Punjabi chair in the varsity. The total money sanctioned by the Delhi government to run this agreement is ' 7 to 8 crore. They blow their own trumpets. The Centre of Indian Languages under the School of Language, Literature and Culture Studies of JNU will set up the chair in Punjabi language, as the Delhi government has signed an agreement with JNU.
Pakistan Peoples Party chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari has warned the Trump administration against including his country in the list of travel ban nations, saying such a move will create a " host of hostilities" between the two countries. Bilawal said including Pakistan in such a list " would also be a very negative indicator that the United States is turning away from those very ideals that it stood for" , adding that, " I hope that this is not the new normal. " It is very discouraging for those out there in the Muslim world fighting radical extremism because people ( put) their lives on the line on a daily basis to do so, to fight for what they believe in, not Americans ideals or freedom, " he said. Also read: JuD chief Hafiz Saeed detained: Is Pakistan on Donald Trump' s radar? I do hope that this issue will be sorted out very soon.
Woh marte dam tak koshish karle woh kabhi nahi hoga. For those who mistake her for a woman, she reveals her true self. " [ He can keep trying but that is never going to happen. " Lama is a transgender; the first from the ' other' category to walk at the Lakme Fashion Week. " I never lie, " she says. "
The distance between two points is nearly 20 kilomertres but due to poor public transport connectivity and heavy traffic movement on the stretch ( it connects the national capital to Haryana) , it takes 3. If the plan is implemented successfully, the authorities are optimistic that it will pave the way for introduction of more water recreational activities or sports in Delhi and the Centre? ? he said. required depth? for navigation. added Verma.
Herbs like neem, turmeric and jasmine will be incorporated in designer Reshma Merchant' s " non- toxic" line titled The White Rose Collection, which will be showcased at the forthcoming Lakme Fashion Week ( LFW) Summer/ Resort 2017. Ancient ayurvedic tradition of detoxifying fabric while enriching it with the additional benefit of wellness, is the mantra for the garments. Also read: Lakme Fashion Week welcomes a gender neutral model on its runway for the first time" With our healing garments, we are reviving a 2000- year- old craft and we will be presenting a very sophisticated, luxurious, one- of- a- kind healing collection, " Merchant said in a statement.
First, the budget is being advanced by nearly a month. This practice was changed during former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee' s time, " Modi said. Modi hoped the current session will be " fruitful" and all political parties will work together for people' s benefit. " I hope for fruitful discussions.
10 am. Mahesh Kumar, owner of the bus, said the bus was on its way to a CNG station in sector 29 for filling gas and that it wasn? Rashpal Singh ( @ rashysingh) January 30, 2017? twitter. ? , said Arora. he said.
The condition of Ahamed is serious and he is currently under close observation of doctors in the ICU, " said a senior doctor at the Ram Manohar Lohia ( RML) Hospital. Prime Minister Narendra Modi inquired about his health. PM @ narendramodi enquired about the health of MP Shri E Ahamed.
Shakti also denied that Shraddha is changing her managing team. " May all fathers be like Shakti Kapoor, one who can provide for you if you are really bad at your job and not making money. MOVIE REVIEW: OK JaanuALSO READ: Shraddha finally opens up on relationship with Farhan AkhtarSpeaking about her daughter' s lack of success with her last two films, papa Shakti Kapoor told DNA, " Unlike me, Shraddha has got a rich father, so she can take it easy ( about signing films) . " We are very happy with their work.
Taking a cue from the ' green' South Beijing railway station, the Delhi Division of Indian Railway has begun developing green patches surrounding railway stations in Delhi. Garbage was found to be accumulated again after a few days of the drive in areas near slums, " Arora said. The vacant rail land and the railway yards too will be covered with ornamental plants and shrubs to give it a pleasant look. The plan is a major initiative under the flagship ' Swachh Bharat Mission' .
Swaraj on Monday replied to Radhakishan' s family' s tweets saying that she has asked for a report from Indian Ambassador to the United States, Navtej Sarna. 14 am local time. According to local media reports, a traveler had informed a ticket agent of a bomb in Radhakishan' s bag, and subsequently the Indian man from Vadodara was arrested. The airport was immediately evacuated.
41 crore. In 2015- 16, Aparna and Prateek had filed income tax returns of over Rs 50. 18 lakh and Rs 1. 47 crore respectively.
A gofundme. Houston, Jan 30 ( PTI) An online donation drive to rebuild a mosque that was gutted by fire in Victoria in the US state of Texas has raised more than USD 780, 000, demonstrating the overwhelming goodwill from people in the city and beyond. Religious leaders of varying faiths and backgrounds led an emotional crowd, the paper said.
I knew I was feeling uncomfortable but I never thought of doing it myself. It was my way of thanking the fans who have always stayed with me. " He said my elbow guard restricts my bat swing. OPEN TO ADVICE" If you have an open mind you can develop so many things. BAT SPEAKS WITH ME
Here' s what the star kid had to say:  ALSO READ: Lovebirds Tiger Shroff and Disha Patani spotted on a not- so- secret night out ALSO READ: My mother has met Disha Patani a couple of times, says Tiger Shroff On dating Disha PataniI have very few friends. I am not very social. She is very pretty. She lives close by and we have a common friend circle, so we meet every now and then for coffee. She makes me look better.
In Lambi constituency in Punjab, Captain Amarinder Singh, the Congress Chief Ministerial candidate, also reportedly told people that it was okay to accept money if offered by any party " but vote for the Congress" . . Will Election Commission register an FIR against Captain? Also read: Punjab polls: Modi targets Kejriwal at Faridkot, tells AAP to go back to Delhi
Gurwinder is the former chief of KLF. He also said Gurwinder Singh has been acquitted of all charges and he cannot be labeled a terrorist. Giri Maharaj declared that Hindu Takht will openly work against AAP and tell the people how Kejriwal and his party are associated with anti- Punjab and pro- Khalistan forces. Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal is embroiled in a fresh controversy over staying in the house of Khalistan Liberation Front ( KLF) activist Gurwinder Singh during his Punjab visit on Saturday. Sanjay Singh further said Kejriwal does not know Gurwinder Singh.
They have all worked hard, what will happen to them now. This alliance will destroy Samajwadi Party, " he said. " A defiant Mulayam Singh Yadav today directed Samajwadi Party workers loyal to him to file nomination papers against Congress candidates in 105 Uttar Pradesh Assembly constituencies it has been allotted to contest. " The threat from Mulayam came a day after he expressed his unhappiness with the Samajwadi Party- Congress coalition and said he will not campaign for it. "
While keeping surveillance on the passengers coming from Bangkok, two women passengers, both Indian passport holders, were intercepted after the green channel. ? he said. 5 lakh was recovered. During 2014- 15, the officials seized 574 kg gold and in 2016, over 220 kg gold worth ?
I don? predictive policing? Randhawa applies a few filters on the new crime- mapping software, and examines the calls made to the police control room about street crimes such as snatching, robbery and vehicle thefts in his territorial district. ? Suppose if there are too many robbery calls coming from a location which has a bar nearby, we can match those calls with past crimes in the area and understand if that bar is in any way responsible for these robberies, and whether another crime is likely to occur there, ? he says. ( Arun Sharma/ HT PHOTO)  						That is when scientists began experimenting with data technologies, including statistical and geospatial analysis, to determine prevalence of crime. says Beniwal. CMAPS, Delhi police?
On this day, 68 years ago, Mahatma Gandhi had breathed his last after being fatally shot while on his way to a prayer meeting at the Birla House. Here are a few things to know about his assassination:
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of the Nation, on his 69th death anniversary. " Tributes to beloved Bapu on his ' Punya Tithi' ( death anniversary) , " Modi tweeted.
When Ranbir Kapoor entered Bollywood, he was touted to be the next superstar who could give competition to the Khans. ALSO READ | Salman' s Tiger Zinda Hai to clash with Ranbir' s Sanjay Dutt biopicOPINION | The young ones Khan' t: Why Ranbir- Ranveer- Shahid can never achieve superstardom like the Khans OPINION | Ranbir Kapoor at 34: A legend in the making?
2. " 5 crore annual turnover besides certain provisions of Integrated GST. 5. The associations representing them said the decisions are heavily tilted towards the states which is not good for the sovereign function of the Centre to levy and collect taxes. 6.
Now, the animal rights organisation has offered a " wholehearted apology" for its statement. ALSO READ: Suriya' s Singam 3 not postponed, producer rubbishes rumoursPETA CEO Poorva Joshipura issued an apology letter which said, " We received a copy of the legal notice sent to us through the law firm you engaged.
s Swaroop Nagar area, police said on Friday. The victim, Selvin, told the police that the accused had ordered a phone worth Rs 26, 000 and when he reached to deliver the order on the mentioned address, two people took him to an abandoned plot nearby, saying they were friends of the person who had placed the order and were taking him to the customer. lavish? lifestyle, were later identified and arrested, police said.
ALSO READ: These photos of Huma Qureshi with Salman Khan' s nephew Ahil will make your dayIt was being speculated that Sohail and Seema Khan' s marriage was in trouble because of Huma. Getting linked up to somebody who you consider your brother is a bit much I feel. It' s really sad, " Huma said.
See photographs: Injured people were seen lying on the road. In a major accident on the Jaipur- Agra highway this morning more than 50 vehicles rammed into each other as dense fog reduced visibility. Three of the injured are said to be critical.
You have to follow the courts direction. . The court had also passed a similar order on April 21 last year asking Agarwal to inform about the steps taken to comply with the 2014 direction asking the firm to refrain from selling any product, claiming to be endorsed by Dhoni. Dhoni had an endorsement agreement with the company which had expired in December 2012.
Javad Zarif, the Iranian foreign minister, tweeted, " While respecting Americans & differentiating between them & hostile U. S. policies, Iran will take reciprocal measures to protect citizens. " Iran said Trump' s wide- ranging order, which was signed on Friday, among other things, prevents most travelers from Libya, Sudan, Somalia, Syria, Iraq, Iran and Yemen from entering the US, was insulting and that it would respond in kind while the restrictions are in place. The current era is one of " reconciliation and coexistence and not of putting up walls between countries, " he said.
I am confident that JAM will become a reality in two to three years, " Naidu said at BJP party workers? meeting here. " Corruption will be reduced. He said with digital payment system in place, employers should credit salaries of their employees through digital means which would nullify anomalies if any. " He said Opposition parties have decided to oppose all the moves being launched by the Government despite merits in them.
Kejriwal is very ambitious but that is not the ambition Punjab needs, " he said claiming that the performance of the Delhi CM is coming down which will show in the upcoming election. " He knows nothing about Punjab. Also read | Kejriwal to India Today: Capt Amarinder Singh will lose Patiala seat, despite being Congress' CM- faceAKALIS GIVING STEP- MOTHERLY TREATMENT Expressing confidence of forming the next government in Punjab, Singh has accused the Shiromani Akali Dal of providing step- motherly treatment to the state. " .
( Serena Williams overcomes sister Venus to win record 23rd Grand Slam) " I am very happy to see Roger Federer in the finals again. As Federer and Nadal will meet in a grand slam final for the first time in more than five years, tennis fans could not help but look ahead. Nadal is a lot younger, lot faster but let us see whether the old man can defy the logic, which I firmly believe that age is just a number, and win another Australian Open, " he said. ( 2nd T20I: India eye improved performance to avoid series defeat against England) Facing the prospect of a series defeat at home for the first time in 15 months, Kohli will have a relook at his team combination in the do- or- die match. However, Ganguly said Kohli was more likely to stick to the same playing XI tomorrow.
BJP president Amit Shah today released the party' s manifesto for the Uttar Pradesh Assembly election. Shah also addressed the Ram Mandir issue, saying the party will make efforts to ensure that a temple is made at the contentious Ayodhya site while staying within the constitutional framework. the party head questioned.
Read: Romancing at Talkatora: Delhi? hawan? Sanjay Tiwari, who says he is a journalist. ? s personal secretary Shushant Mukherjee filed a case and claimed that an unknown caller posing as Ram Madhav was calling the MLA for the past three days and asking him to contribute funds for elections. People recently cheated by Tiwari ( Based on his disclosures before police) * R50, 000 from Pramila Rani Brahma of BJP from Assam impersonating as PA of Minister in the ministry of development of north eastern region. s intentions. Yadav added.
? Read: Romancing at Talkatora: Delhi? clarification or exemption? Car connoisseurs in Delhi have been given a reason to rejoice by the National Green Tribunal, who on Friday made an exception to the ban on vehicles older than 15 years on Delhi roads and gave permission to the 21 Gun Salute Heritage and Cultural Trust to conduct their International Vintage Car Rally in February. Read: Mohalla Clinics: Kofi Annan praise fine, but will Delhi govt fix these 4 issues? Motivation is what keeps you going, ?
30 am. A suspected mortar shell was found at Vasant Kunj in South Delhi early on Saturday, triggering panic in the locality. ( Ravi Choudhary/ HT? The mortar was then placed in a blast- proof vessel for transportation to Manesar, where it would be disposed of in keeping with standard protocol. ?
The woman has told the investigators that she purchased the music system from a roadside vendor in Tis Hazari area, but was unaware of the presence of the weapon inside the system. ? said a police officer. The woman is a resident of North Delhi?
Serena is competing for her 23rd title and her elder sister for her 8th, having won her first title at Wimbledon in 2000. ( Serena to meet Venus in all- Williams final at Australian Open) Venus has been written off and forgotten for a long time and her resurgence here is nothing but a slice of fantasy. She outclassed her rivals Katerina Kozlova, Stefanie Voegele, Duan Yingying and Mona Barthel without dropping a set. People relate to the champion. They also relate to the person who did not win because we all have those moments in life. "
If you can, I will be your new friend" , the letter read. Thank you pic. twitter. Writing to the new president, Bana Alabed asked if he can do something for the children of Syria. " This seven- year- old Syrian developed a worldwide following after tweeting about the life of horror in Aleppo and now has written an open letter to US President Donald Trump.
A 23- year- old national level swimmer working with Western Railway allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in Lower Parel in Mumbai, police said on Friday. Even her repeated calls to Tanika went unanswered. Tanika was rushed to a hospital, but was declared brought dead.
But. So here is the correct context; Indrani had introduced Sheena and Mikhail as her siblings to everyone, including Peter. These important circumstances, which to date have not been pointed out, very clearly show that Peter was NOT ' in the know' nor was he involved in the crime. Peter was clearly not involved. . Indrani had given him the story that Sheena had contacted her with a view to leaving our relationship and wanted money and help to do that ( this was not true) . Hence the text msgs sent from Sheena' s phone by Indrani. He certainly did NOT know what lndrani was upto before, during, or after, with regard to any crime.
New Delhi, Jan 27 ( PTI) The US government had thought that the then Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi might order an attack on West Pakistan to capture Pakistan- Occupied- Kashmir after Indias operation to create Bangladesh got over, recently declassified CIA documents say. US President Richard Nixons National Security Adviser Henry A Kissinger discussed various possibilities due to deteriorating Indo- Pak ties in the wake of Indias military offensive in East Pakistan. As per CIA reports and minutes of high- level meetings in Washington on Indo- Pak tensions, it was clear that the US government was readying a strategy should India smash military power of West Pakistan.
That' s up to my management, there are a lot of variables so we will discuss that and see where we go from there, " he said. It' s rough that I have to give back one of my medals and I already gave it back because it was of course required by the IOC" , Bolt told Reuters on Friday in his first comments since the International Olympic Committee ruling. " The loss of the 4x100 metres medal leaves Bolt with eight Olympic golds, and he does not think the ruling tarnishes his glittering career record. Bolt was non- committal about whether he would financially contribute to Carter' s appeal. "
Dilshada was stranded in her snowbound Aaroo village in the periphery of Pahalgam hill resort, 100 kms from here, in Anantnag district of south Kashmir. Srinagar, Jan 27 ( PTI) Two pregnant women, holed up in their houses due to heavy snowfall, were shifted by police to hospital in Anantnag district, while eight residential houses and three school buildings were damaged in different parts of Kashmir valley, police said today. Another pregnant woman Masooda Jan, a resident of Panzgam village of Kokernag, in Anantnag district got stranded on road while on way to hospital and was subsequently rescued by police and evacuated to hospital, the spokesman said.
ALSO READ: Big B praises both Raees and Kaabil, humbled to be referenced in themRegarding film piracy and its effect on box- office returns, the Bollywood industry has been worried for quite some time. " As of this moment, the film can reportedly be found on several sites. Unethical practises that are killing the movie business can stop only when those perpetrating these illegal activities understand the gravity of their misdeeds and realize how damaging piracy is to our movie- making business.
A hurriedly called meeting at the Samajwadi Party office today by Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav to gauge the sentiments of the office bearers and party workers, a drooping body language and an abrupt decision not to contest from any seat in the assembly polls speak volumes of the fast changing political dynamics in the state. Assembly Elections 2017 LIVE Coverage
From K J M Varma Beijing, Jan 27 ( PTI) Prime Minister Narendra Modi today wished Chinese people a happy and prosperous year of the Rooster. " China has declared official holiday for a week. On the occasion of the Spring Festival, I wish all the people of China a happy and prosperous Year of the Rooster, " Modi said in his greeting posted on his Chinese social media platform, Weibo.
If you are a first- time woman voter in Goa, you may get a pink teddy bear during the upcoming elections. You will just have to go out and vote on the polling day.
Since the Irula have been so successful in their homeland at removing pythons, we are hoping they can teach people in Florida some of these skills, " said Kristen Sommers, section leader of the FWCs Wildlife Impact Management Section. " Officials said they are currently working with the Irula tribesmen to identify additional programmes to remove more nonnative pythons from Florida. world- renowned snake catchers from India ? removed 13 pythons, including four on their first visit to Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge on North Key Largo in partnership with the US Fish and Wildlife Service.
The officials have enforced the ban on assembly of more than four people in about 500 meters from national and state highways, along with railway stations in the city. In view of a section of Jat leadership threatening to renew the community' s pro- reservation agitation from January 29, Section 144 has been imposed in parts of Rohtak as a precautionary move. Haryana Director General of Police K. P. Singh said earlier that if anyone was found indulged in any illegal activity or causing loss to public property, action would be initiated against him.
5. . ? 52pm GMT 16: 52  Donald Trump and Theresa May are going to hold a joint press conference tomorrow, the White House has said. He told the paper: It is safe to say that I am deeply concerned at the direction that Theresa May and the Conservative government is taking these negotiations, and the developments that are taking place. 06pm GMT   4. 4. ( See 12. 40pm. )
? a DMRC spokesperson said. We will definitely give distinctive colours to new lines that are coming up. 5 lakh. s most favoured public transport network is scouring the palette for six new lines which will have to be colour coded, officials of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation told HT.
We also have our own culture. We will marry and divorce the way we want to. All India Majlis- e- Ittehadul Muslimeen ( AIMIM) chief Asaduddin Owaisi has urged Muslims to stand up in support of triple talaq, saying people of the community should draw inspiration from the way the Tamils fought against the ban on hugely popular bull- taming sport jallikattu. In Tamil Nadu, people protested in lakhs to fight for their tradition. According to the practice of Niqah Halala, a man is not allowed to marry the same woman after divorce even if both the partners are willing.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to ensure the Union Budget for 2017- 18 is presented after the Assembly elections in five states. This ruling came as a response to some parties demanding to move the Budget after Assembly elections, alleging that the BJP may have an unfair advantage over others if sops for the poll- bound states are announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. While Punjab and Goa will vote on February 4, the crucial seven- phase Uttar Pradesh election will begin on February 11.
One state may ban slaughter, the other may not. We will not interfere in state laws, " the Supreme Court said as it rejected the petition seeking a uniform policy on cow slaughter. .
( sic) . " Kaabil will melt you! com/ TICcjCm9QJ Later, she posted a picture with Hrithik on Instagram from the screening and wrote, " So so so proud of you" . ? Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind. . # kaabil # sacrecoeurA photo posted by Sussanne Khan ( @ suzkr) on Jan 21, 2017 at 12: 20pm PST Sussanne praising her ex- hubby Hrithik instantly made news.
Read: Sisodia dares Modi as CBI probes Mohalla Clinic, Talk to AK projects? In a letter on January 25 to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, in capacity as chair of The Elders, an organisation of independent global leaders founded by Nelson Mandela, Annan also shared suggestions that could help reform the project and ? . to deliver on its electoral promises, Kejriwal government has been showcasing these clinics as a unique achievement and a reflection of AAP? ? the memorandum read.
Details so far: 1. According to the police, a group of five students went to the water body located near a stone quarry for photography on Thursday. 3. 4. "
No divorce? International diva and Avengers star Scarlett Johansson and her husband Romain Dauriac have reportedly put an end to their relationship. There' s always been something wrong with this picture, " a source close to the ex- couple was quoted as saying. They are not equals.
Unclog Delhi? As traffic snarls continue to choke the national capital, the Delhi government has constituted a number of task forces to identify major bottlenecks in the city and offer solutions to decongest them. he added. ? . Dhaula Kuan, Mathura Road and Aurobindo Marg.
The film has raked in Rs 10. MOVIE REVIEW: Kaabil
2. 10pm GMT 12: 10    12. Thank God. I don? . t think both of us though we were going to be here potentially playing in the final because I went to open his academy in Mallorca with him a few months back and I told him ? t think both of us though we were going to be here potentially playing in the final because I went to open his academy in Mallorca with him a few months back and I told him ? ? t be mad. 48am GMT 11: 48  Federer is asked about the possibility of playing Grigor Dimitrov in the final. I? ve had a leg thing going on for the week and I felt it from the second game. Federer responds with a peach of a backhand pass from left to right for 15- all, which should make him feel a bit better about the way this has gone in the past 30 minutes. s it! says Krishnan Patel. 29am GMT 11: 29  Fifth set: Federer* 7- 5, 6- 3, 1- 6, 4- 6, 3- 2 Wawrinka ( * denotes server) : Down 0- 15, Federer responds well to win the next two points. Updated at 12. 27pm GMT   11. Then Wawrinka squirts a backhand horribly wide to hand Federer two break points, his first of this set, and the world No4 double- faults!
Along with a college friend, Amol Sawant, 30, Shrungar Raul and Pervez Shaikh began teaching football to street children from Matunga, in Mumbai, later starting Anstrengung United, an NGO that today trains as many as 200 street children. " None of these children had been to school, and over time we realised they were getting addicted to drugs. { mosimage}
competent authority? . Read: Delhi high court? The Delhi High Court, hearing a public interest litigation on women safety and recruitment of additional cops in Delhi after the December 16, 2012 gang rape, on Wednesday asked the Centre and police to submit a status report on when the new appointments will be made and what happened to the remaining proposals. bug free?
India' s elite counter- terrorism force - - the National Security Guard ( NSG) - - today made its debut at the Republic Day parade in New Delhi. A contingent of some 60 commandos in their black overalls and fully- armed gear marched on the Rajpath, giving ceremonial salute to President Pranab Mukherjee.
. Japan? s summit did not come easily: his historic victory on Sunday came at the end of his 73rd tournament as a professional, which is more than it has taken any other wrestler since 1926 to reach the top rank. If I had not met my former trainer I would not have got to where I have now, ? ? he said. Foreign- born wrestlers?
North Korea? Thae Yong- ho defected to South Korea in August last year and since December has been speaking to media and appearing on television to discuss his defection and his life as a North Korean envoy. Thae is the most senior official to have fled North Korea and entered public life in the south since the 1997 defection of Hwang Jang- yop, the brains behind the North? ? When Kim Jong- un first came to power, I was hopeful that he would make reasonable and rational decisions to save North Korea from poverty, but I soon fell into despair watching him purging officials for no proper reasons, ? s rule, Thae said. m sure he?
Excerpts. Q. Cheteshwar, it must feel good to go in with runs under your belt as you approach the five Test matches ahead, one against Bangladesh and four vs Australia. India' s star Test batsman Cheteshwar Pujara has made it a point to score big on every given opportunity. 3. That' s right. A. Q. Cheteshwar, it must feel good to go in with runs under your belt as you approach the five Test matches ahead, one against Bangladesh and four vs Australia. If we continue playing the same way we should be able to beat them. Q.
The cracks in Pulkit- Shweta marriage began to appear in a few months after their big fat Punjabi wedding. Shweta, who is all set to start her life afresh post the turmoil, does not wish to do anything with Yami anymore. Main koi Yami ko nahin jaanti. I am going through a memory loss. "
Michael Jackson? In an intimate interview to Rolling Stone magazine, her first ever, the 18- year- old revealed that she battled depression and drug addiction after she was sexually assaulted by a ? cutting herself? @ rollingstone issue hits the stands tomorrow check ittt ? ? It was just self- hatred, low self- esteem, thinking that I couldn?
life threat emails? kill? A crime branch team led by joint commissioner of police ( crime) Ravindra Yadav has been tasked to examine the contents of the threat emails and identify the sender as well as the alleged suspects whose names and mobile numbers have been mentioned in the email, said a Delhi Police spokesperson. ? Yadav said.
big four? Her mother, Drusilla Beyfus, was Vogue associate editor in the 70s while her father, Milton Shulman, had been Vogue film critic, prompting Coleridge to say that Vogue was ? s departure also marks the end of a rivalry much- loved by fashion journalists between her and the equally British Anna Wintour, editor- in- chief of US Vogue and said to be the model for the terrifying Meryl Streep character in The Devil Wears Prada. . I realised that I very much wanted to experience a different life and look forward to a future separate to Vogue, ? In 2015 she wrote about how glad she was to return to work when her only son, now 21 and a history of art student, was 15 weeks old. ? It? heroin chic? jutting bones?
Suffocation due to crowd led to the death of a social activist who collapsed during Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan' s train stopover at Vadodara railway station, confirmed the deceased' s family members, who also said they have " nothing against" the actor. She said, " We have nothing against Shah Rukh Khan as he is not at fault. The incident has nothing to do with SRK' s Raees promotional event, my son fell prey to the crowd and succumbed to death due to suffocation. All we want is prayers from everyone for my son. " .
The CSD has almost 1. In a big step towards realising Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s dream for a cashless India, country' s most profitable and third largest retail chain - defence canteens, are turning fully cashless from March 1 across the country. " In the army, orders were issued by the adjutant general' s branch to canteens that they have to turn fully cashless from March 1 and the local formations have been asked to spread the message among the serving and retired personnel, the sources said. Also read: Arunachal Pradesh organises mega event to promote cashless transactions
Shockingly, around the same time, the United Kingdom' s future prime minister Winston Churchill ( 1940- 1945 and 1951- 1955) unflatteringly described Gandhi thus: " It is alarming and also nauseating to see Mr Gandhi, a seditious middle temple lawyer, now posing as a fakir of a type well known in the east, striding half- naked up the steps of the viceregal palace, while he is still organising and conducting a defiant campaign of civil disobedience, to parley on equal terms with the representative of the kingemperor. " 30 am until 6 pm. But one did not need to speak to Gandhi to be aware of his personality. He was the most impressive subject I have ever had. "
Ram Mandir is a subject of faith. After the Modi government took over, we hoped that now the temple would be constructed. The BJP will come to power with a full majority, " the party' s Uttar Pradesh chief Keshav Prasad Maurya told reporters in New Delhi.
Also Read: After jallikattu, Mangaluru braces to protest against ban on buffalo racing event Kambala Supporters of kambala which is a traditional sport played by people from coastal Karnataka have said that they are ready to go to jail to lift the ban on kambala.
Mumbai, Jan 24 ( PTI) Private sector HDFC Bank today reported its lowest- ever quarterly profit growth at 15 per cent at Rs 3, 865. 10 per cent during the third quarter ended December 31. The lender saw a 37 per cent surge in the current and saving account balances which helped the share of the low- cost deposits ratio to 45 per cent after the November 8 demonetisation. Deputy Managing Director Paresh Sukthankar acknowledged this is the slowest profit growth ever for over two decade- old bank but defended it, saying this is because of the external environment, and declined to give any guidance on how it sees the next few quarters.
The teenage girl they shackled is Timothy' s stepdaughter, who managed to escape while her alleged abusers had gone away from home, authorities said, according to a Washington Post report. While they defend themselves facing Ohio jury in court, they want to rely on " the only law book that truly matters, " the Bible. Timothy is also facing rape charges involving another child.
The Supreme Court also said BCCI office bearers over 70 years or whose office period has extended for over nine years or those who have a criminal conviction should be removed. The Center was represented by Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi who contended that the Supreme Court should hold back the order as the government was mulling over a legislation to regulate sports bodies in India. For the time being, BCCI CEO Rahul Johri has been heading the board. In July, the panel suspended IPL franchises Chennai Super Kings ( CSK) and Rajasthan Royals ( RR) for two years, while the teams' co- owners Gurunath Meiyappan and Raj Kundra were banned for life from cricket.
In a very surprising move the Maharashtra government' s finance department passed a new resolution on the price limit for the car that is to be used by ministers and high ranking government servants for official uses. On the other hand Director General of Police ( DGP) and Commissioner level officers can purchase cars only up to Rs 8 lakhs.
In a blow to Akhilesh Yadav ahead of the crucial Assembly election, the Allahabad High Court today stayed the Uttar Pradesh government' s order to include 17 sub- castes in the Scheduled Castes ( SC) category. Also read: UP polls: SP- Congress alliance official; Akhilesh to lead coalition WHAT PETITIONER SAID
Deuce No6. Break point No4 ? ? t there? 29am GMT 08: 29  First set: * Zverev 0- 2 Federer ( * denotes server) A couple of successful serve- volleys take Zverev 30- 0 up but he nets the next attempt and Federer passes him with a beautiful backhand to bring up 30- all before pinging a forehand cross court to bring a first break point. s Kevin Mitchell? 10. 08am GMT 09: 08  Second set: Zverev 1- 6, 4- 4 Federer* ( * denotes server) Federer cruises into a 30- 0 lead but Zverev battles back to 30- 30 with the help of his strangely punched forehand ( he almost shovels the balls over the net rather than take a full swing) . 35am GMT 08: 35  First set: * Zverev 0- 4 Federer ( * denotes server) Federer races into a 40- 0 lead, with Zverev left helpless at the net by his opponent? A wonderful volley from the German keeps him in it at 40- 30 but he follows that up with an errant return and Federer leads two sets to love. The whole tournament is very much up for grabs now and no one will fancy their chances more than Federer. Updated at 9. 54am GMT   9. 31am GMT 07: 31    7. wonders Ian Nicol. Evidence sought! She said yes.
s executive powers. a spokesman said. s withdrawal. In May? It? . In a judgment that sets a far- reaching constitutional precedent and upholds parliamentary sovereignty, the court ruled by a majority of eight justices to three that MPs and peers must give their consent before the government can trigger article 50 and formally initiate Brexit. She said the Scottish parliament would still have an opportunity to vote on whether it consented to the triggering of article 50. ? While we may not always agree with judgments, it is a fundamental part of any thriving democracy that legal process is followed. Neuberger said: ?
We are sending an expedition to Mount Everest. Many others also measured it. Second reason is, it helps in scientific studies, plate movements etc, " he said. After that, there is a doubt in the scientific community that it is shrinking.
A preliminary enquiry has been ordered  by the Economic Offences Wing on a complaint filed by an NGO against alleged corruption by Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal' s brother- in- law Surender Kumar Bansal. The NGO, Road Anti- Corruption Organization, has claimed Kejriwal had helped his relatives. The complainant has alleged that Bansal had submitted fake bills and invoices to the Public Works Department ( PWD) and made huge profits.
When Shah Rukh Khan promised fans, " Aa raha hoon main, " he did not disappoint. As a part of the promotional strategy of his upcoming film Raees, SRK is taking the August Kranti Rajdhani Express from Mumbai to Delhi, and reached the Vadodara station on Monday night. Khan was at the Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station. Due to the rush, one person died of breathlessness and two policemen posted there to control the crowd were injured. "
3. All of us have sung the national anthem and since school, stood up every time we heard it . It was only on 24th January 1950 that this song was officially declared as India' s national anthem. The false myth that Jana Gana Mana was written and composed by Tagore to praise George the Fourth, who visited India in 1911. 4.
Official sources confirmed that since Sunday, three sorties have been made. An emergency measure taken to mitigate the impact of the fuel crisis triggered by the indefinite economic blockade by United Naga Council, which has been raging on for the past 84 days. The move came two days after an interministerial meeting, chaired by Union home minister Rajnath Singh and attended by Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan, reviewed the stock of food grains and petroleum products in Manipur and how to replenish the supply.
Also Read: Japan threatens India with WTO on steel as Donald Trump era heralds rising tensionsEver since his election campaign days, Trump has posed himself as the new manifest of bigotry, claiming to ban Muslims and other immigrants from the country altogether. Take a closer look and you will find they are made out of the American flag. Among those numerous posters and placards that made news, what caught one' s eye are women wearing colourful hijabs. Some wonder if this march would rightly pave way to address not just white woman' s feminism but the over- all issue of equality and human rights.
The encounter started earlier today after militants believed to be hiding inside a house opened fire as soon as security forces cordoned off the Hadoora village and intensified search operations following specific information about their location. More details awaited. INFILTRATION BID FOILED  Meanwhile, an infiltration bid has been foiled in Sunderbani sector of Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. One infiltrator has been killed.
Congrats! ( No pressure of competition vs Parthiv Patel, says Saha) Chasing 379 for victory, RoI were in trouble at 63/ 4 before Saha ( 203 not out) and Cheteshwar Pujara ( 116 not out) added 316 for the fifth wicket to script a six- wicket victory. com/ tUZjCjobSWSaha was India' s first- choice wicketkeeper in the Test team up until the Vizag Test against England before he had to be ruled out because of injury. He was caught by Dhruv Raval.
A perfect orgasmic food mash- up is what Australia is rejoicing over and these Instagram pictures will tell you why. We are the first and the only gelateria that serves the flower- shaped gelato in Australia at the moment, " was what store manager Pat told Mashable, via Messenger. Also Read: 10 chocolate ice creams that you will never regret eating Over 1500 flower gelatos have been served till now, reveals the i- Creamy' s website, with 24 delicious flavours rotating daily.
Also read: Is beer healthier than milk? Also read: The Beer Cafe is offering a free beer to all the Sonam Guptas out thereThe founder also added, " We always loved the concept of drinking beer in the shower, so the idea to create a beer that would be drunk while showering was a must. Also read: Vagina Beer to Urine Beer: 2016 was a weird year for the drink you really love( d) The term " showerbeer" is tagged in over 31, 000 Instagram posts.
Ram Vilas Paswan, Union Minister of Food and Public Distribution, Consumer Affairs, tweeted about his meeting with Kerala CM Sh O Paneerselvam  Sh Pinarayi Vijayan. Are u @ irvpaswan competing with @ OfficeOfRG ? pic. @ ShivAroor Out of curiosity, if paswan had no clue who he was talking to, what on earth did they talk about? Paneerselvam is CM of Tamil Nadu. ?
Shahid Kapoor' s younger brother has been signed on for renowned Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi' s first Indian film, Beyond The Clouds. For all those waiting to see Ishaan Khattar on the big screen first with Jhanvi Kapoor in the Hindi remake of Sairat will have to wait a tad longer. This ones ready to fly. Make us proud @ ishaan95A photo posted by Shahid Kapoor ( @ shahidkapoor) on Jan 22, 2017 at 9: 19pm PST
Putting behind the underwhelming response to Mohenjo Daro and the unending war of words with Kangana Ranaut in 2016, Roshan is calm, more sure as he speaks to India Today about his action drama. I guess once you make peace with that you just see what happens. Whereas I am greedy. There has never been a situation in the 60 days we shot the film ( where we have disagreed) . How did you prepare for the part of a visually- impaired man? I feel even in times when friends have to stand opposite each other, as long as there is communication there is understanding. We agree that the film needs to have an emotional impact but the way to do ( it) is where we will differ. I did rehearse and practise a lot.
Genuine agitators have dispersed. LIVE UPDATES: Jallikattu protest turns violent BJP MP Subramanian Swamy believes that the sudden violence in Chennai was actually  triggered by Pakistan intelligence agency - Inter- Services Intelligence ( ISI) . POLICE ACTION AT MARINA BEACHAt the Marina, the police action began early in the morning with roads to the beach being cordoned off and police personnel being deployed in large numbers. But these guys are saying we want permanent solution. Swamy said.
DCP West, Vijay Kumar, confirmed the incident. According to the police, he allegedly raped his 17- year- old sister in April last year and molested his 13- year- old sister around the same time. ? She had given the 22- year- old the responsibility to take care of the two girls, ? he said. a police officer said.
5 lakh at Mumbai Airport. ET 641 were intercepted. The passengers in their statements recorded under Sec 108 of the Customs Act, 1962 has admitted knowledge, possession, carriage, concealment and recovery of said goods which were being attempted to smuggle out of India. EY 204.
New York, Jan 23 ( PTI) Students, take note! Again and again, we hear that students struggle with math. Smartphones can now help you finish your math homework by giving step- by- step solutions to hard- to- crack algebra equations, thanks to a new artificial intelligence ( AI) app developed by engineers including one of Indian origin. They incorporated data collected from students so that steps closely match those a great teacher or tutor would provide to a student.
He had arrived in India on a medical visa in October 2016, but had not visited any hospital for treatment. After his arrest, police is now scanning other Afghan nationals who come to India for medical treatment. DCP ( airport) Sanjay Bhatia said. He had brought this heroin from Afghanistan and part delivery of the drug was given to a local man. ? Bhatia added.
along with some training, police are mulling on including Bollywood songs that have a positive message as well. In order to update the training programme, the traffic police are working to include songs, which will be played during the one- day training session so that they are able to engage in a better way with the offenders. ? creative satisfaction? the officer said.
Hindu Jats and Muslims have significant numbers in these districts and they have the capability to turn election results in favour of particular party. Polling in these districts is scheduled in first and second phase. The community leaders of Delhi organised a meeting at Nangloi' s Sir Chotu Ram Dharamshala in which representatives of all 250 villages unanimously decided support the agitation for getting Other Backward Class ( OBC) status. It has been nearly one year but the promises remain unfulfilled.
? AML? political conspiracy? s statement was self- contradictory and cross- examination had discredited her testimony. " In the present application, the police is trying to spin the beans beyond the basket as according to the investigating officer, some other complainants have also come up against the present accused? 1072/ 15: Aug 11, 2015, Ghazipur police stationCharged with: ExtortionArrested: November 21, 2015 Bail: December 3, 2015 Court observation: Prima facie, there is no direct involvement of the accused, and the allegations which have been leveled against him are only through the instrumentality of the co- accused through which the accused allegedly used to extort money. 418/ 15: Aug 4, 2015, Delhi Cantt police stationCharged with: Kidnapping a public servant, obstructing public servant from doing his/ her duty, voluntarily causing hurt to public servant, sections of the SC/ SC ActArrested: August 21, 2015 Bail: August 22, 2015 Court observation: Even if all allegations levelled by prosecution ( police) are accepted on their face value, even then ingredients of the offence under section 367 IPC i. e. kidnapping or abducting a person in order to subject a person to grievous hurt, slavery, etc. . clrboth { clear: both} JAGDEEP SINGHHari NagarFIR No. AAP_ wrap { width: auto; font- family: " Open Sans" ; padding: 10px; border: solid 1px # 999; float: left} . AAP_ headline { font- size: 150% ; margin- bottom: 5px} . AAP_ img { width: 150px; float: left; margin- right: 2px; font- size: 90% ; color: # 600} . FIR No. 108/ 16: June 25, 2016, City 1, Malerkotla 1 police stationArrested: July 24, 2016 Bail: July, 30, 2016 Charged with: Sections - 295 A, 153 A, 120 B, 109 IPCPublic prosecutor told court that main accused Vijay Kumar named MLA Yadav in his statement under 164 CrPC ( before magistrate) .
Kerala High Court explores art quoting the famous Bob Dylan who won Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016. Read: Bob Dylan, legendary singer, wins 2016 Nobel prize for LiteratureAfter a man in Kerala challenged the laws in the state which prohibit alcoholic drinks, and the decision to close down bar hotels, Kerala court had its own way of dismissing the appeal. Anoop who thinks that it his right to be let alone, to privacy, and it his right to life, filed a petition challenging the prohibition of alcohol in Kerala.
Now meet Nikash Kanhar, a Virat Kohli die- hard fan. ( Also read: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh grateful to fans for energy and support) On Sunday during India' s third and final ODI against England at the Eden Gardens here, Nikash was seen with the Indian flag in hand and donning a ' Virat' Team India jersey in the stands waving the Indian tri- colour relentlessly. " I do not have the finances to travel across India but I want to watch every game our country plays.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni, who relinquished the One- Day International ( ODI) and T20 captaincy recently, was felicitated by Cricket Association of Bengal ( CAB) for his contribution to Indian cricket during the innings break of the third ODI against England here on Sunday. Dhoni, who led India to two World Cups - one 50- over and one T20 - along with a Champions Trophy, received a crystal trophy from India' s first 50- over World Cup- winning skipper Kapil Dev to loud cheers of " Dhoni, Dhoni" from the 55, 000- odd spectators. ( Scorecard) Dhoni, who rolled back time with a typical knock of 134 runs in the second ODI at Cuttack, was also given a shawl by CAB Joint Secretary Avishek Dalmiya with Mumbai Cricket Association' s ( MCA) P. V. Shetty presenting him a memento.
In a rare honour for sporting personalities in the country, Olympian gymnast Dipa Karmakar has found a proud place on a special cover released by India Post. ( Also read: Rio 2016: Perfect produnova was satisfying, Dipa Karmakar to India Today)
The 38- year- olds barrister Roger Mallalieu had told the court that the problem came down to four of the seven staff teaching Asian history being on sabbatical leave at the same time during the 1999- 2000 academic year. Mallalieu claimed that the eminent historian? There is no personal criticism of Dr Washbrook. Our target is on the university?
Helping the less fortunate can help you. The I- T department, official sources had told PTI, has received confirmations for over Rs 300 crore declarations from across the country till now as part of this ongoing black money window. 25 per cent along with penalty and prosecution. "
The women' s march saw more than 5, 00, 000 participants coming together in Washington to become a part of the first major act of organised protest against US President Donald Trump since he got sworn in as the 45th President of the United States of America. She also added that she was upset that she could not join. ALSO READ: 5 Bollywood films Donald Trump needs to watch to be a better loverALSO WATCH: Reality TV show contestant sues Donald Trump for sexual assault
? d love to essay Guru Duttsaabâ? s life. " In a recent interview with Hindustan Times, when Shah Rukh was asked about what is happening with Sanjay Leela Bhansali' s film on poet Sahir Ludhianvi which may or may not star the Raees actor, Shah Rukh said, " Iâ?
ALSO READ: Akshay Kumar' s fan cycles 1. Here' s why the film speaks to the Indian in all of usALSO WATCH: Jolly LLB 2 trailer reviewWaghmare' s petition says that the characters in the film' s trailer are shown to be playing cards and dancing in court premises which suggests that Akshay' s film has no respect for the judicial profession, discipline and ethics. Jolly LLB 2 revolves around the story of lawyer Jagdish Mishra ( Akshay Kumar) who locks horns with a rival lawyer played by National Award- winning actor Annu Kapoor in a high- profile case. The film is scheduled to release on February 10.
Asked whether India Inc has learnt its lessons, he said, " I think, it has. The Kotak group chief, who has steered one of the most successful banking and financial services sector stories in recent years in India, also favoured nudge from the government and policymakers to the corporates to get that " animal spirit" and said the country should also incentivise delta jobs created in any country. Kotak further said this balance between judicious capital allocation and animal spirit would need to be a high focus area as the jobs would finally happen only through successful business growth. Optimistic about job creation, going ahead, Kotak said, " I am a great believer that India should incentivise delta jobs created in any sector. "
( HT? The national capital will have 10 more pollution monitoring stations before next winter to help area- wise micro handling of its air quality which, according to a WHO assessment, is the worst among world? In a meeting called by Environment Pollution Control and Prevention Authority ( EPCA) on Friday, it was stated that Haryana will get 34 stations, Uttar Pradesh 16, while Rajasthan is eyeing 11 monitoring spots in the next nine months. Air pollution: Piecemeal solutions won? ? Also read | ? s economy
The incident took place in English School in Santacruz east under Vakola Police jurisdiction ame of the school withheld to protect identity f All the students are from 7th class. This passing of dared continued till four boy students laterwards the girls also came into action. One of the student in the class removed blade from the pencil sharpener and told his friends that he would slit his arm but he wont be in any pain. The school authorities felt something amiss and questioned all of them after which the incident came to light.
Claiming that his government has done more than the Samajwadi Party had promised in its manifesto in 2012, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav said that he was confident that if his party workers went to the masses showcasing the achievements in the last five years, " people will vote us back" . Speaking on the occasion of the release of Samajwadi Party' s manifesto in Lucknow, Akhilesh Yadav hit out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi for only paying lip service to the people of the state and country.
Besides watching the spectacular Republic Day parade and the Beating Retreat ceremony, they will get an opportunity to meet President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice President Hamid Ansari and Prime Minister Narendra Modi. New Delhi, Jan 22 ( PTI) Forty tribal guests from different parts of the country have been invited by the government to witness this years Republic Day parade on the Rajpath here. Some of the tableaux on cultural themes will have integrated folk dances.
moderate poor? ? very poor? smog situation? Taking stock of the air pollution in Delhi and the neighbouring states, the Supreme Court- appointed Environment Pollution ( Prevention and Control) Authority ( EPCA) on Friday asked officials to immediately enforce the graded response action under ? Read | Delhi? category. 5 range between 61 and 90 or PM 10 between 101 and 250 units, and for poor category, PM 2.
Anil Baijal with his approval, the Delhi government? A special task force ( STF) for women safety has been reconstituted under the Chairmanship of Lieutenant Governor ( L- G) ? ? The direction regarding the STF was issued when on the last date of hearing, Maliwal expressed doubts over the existence of the task force, claiming that the L- G had not called a meeting with regard to the safety of women in the national capital in last one year. s December 21, 2016 order asking the L- G?
The Rashtrapati Bhavan today took strong exception to President Pranab Mukherjee' s photographs appearing in some Congress hoardings in poll- bound Punjab and wrote to Election Commission to ensure that neutrality of his office " is not breached in any manner. The news items also reported that the photo of the President in hoardings alongwith other leaders of a political party is being looked into by the Ludhiana Deputy Commissioner and the District Election Officer for any possible violation of any law, " Paul wrote.
Of the four, Mohammed Yunus and Abdullah are Pakistani nationals residing in Karachi while Muzaffar is from Anantnag in Kashmir and Sameer hails from Aurangabad in Maharashtra. Investigations had revealed that the arrested men belong to terror outfit LeT and had entered India through the Petrapole border in North 24 Pargana district. Police had recovered fake voter ID cards, ration card, sim cards, Indian map and currency notes from the men.
CM Panneerselvam has promised that the upcoming Tamil Nadu assembly session will pass a new law that will allow jallikattu to be held permanently without any hindrance. ' Following this, the Tamil Nadu state machinery moved quickly to announce that CM Panneerselvam will inaugurate jallikattu in Alanganallur on Sunday at 10 am. We cannot protest like this every time we want to hold jallikattu which is why we are asking for a permanent solution, ' is the common refrain among the locals. Other state ministers are expected to inaugurate the sport in their respective districts at 11 am.
s involvement in the Najafgarh stabbing case. A senior officer said that when he spoke to Singh, the man said that his duty came first and he was a cop who would treat his son like any other suspect. ? We respect his commitment towards his duty. said Pathak.
Fans of the two Khan- doms are super excited to see their favourite superstars share screen space, but the makers surprisingly did not cash in on this. Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan coming together in Kabir Khan' s Tubelight is probably the biggest news of the year.
Top intelligence sources said inputs have been received according to which leaders of the front organisations of the CPI( Maoist) have urged their central leadership to target the election rallies of the Prime Minister, union home minister Rajnath Singh and BJP President Amit Shah. Sources said central intelligence agencies have carried out a special briefing to Special Protection Group in this regard, to apprise them of possible threat perceptions to the PM ahead of Republic Day and Assembly elections. Also read | PM Modi wants a week- long Republic Day- like Independence Day
Chris Morling, founder of Money. The spectacular building stands on the Bathurst Estate in Cirencester, East Gloucestershire. London, Jan 19 ( PTI) The head of a website has been dubbed Britains best boss after he splurged a whopping three million pounds to create a dream castle office for his employees complete with a Star Wars- themed cinema, gaming arcade, yoga studio along with an " ice cave" for meetings. If that is not enough, all staff are treated to an all- expenses- paid mini break abroad each year to destinations such as Florida, New York, Budapest, Dubrovnik and Copenhagen.
https: / / www. 33pm GMT   5. s time. ? Updated at 6. 48pm GMT 17: 48  Here? ve gone back to the live stream up there for the moment but will re- elevate the highlights at the right time. ] It really does look like he says, ? The Obamas and Trumps now will have a photo op with ? re going to be just fine if everybody will just zip their lips and watch it happen. 5. but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first. 6. But if they will lead, if they will put the right people in place to implement things that we need to see, we? Thank you, God Bless You, And God Bless America. 45pm GMT 17: 45  The helicopter winds up.
RSS leader Manmohan Vaidya has stirred a fresh controversy by questioning the caste based reservation in jobs. " The caste- based reservation should end at some point. Sensing trouble over his remarks, fellow RSS leader Dattareya Hosabole tried to contain the damage saying, " What Manmohan Vaidya meant was that till there is discrimination against certain population groups, and equal opportunity is not provided to all, caste- based reservation should continue. "
It was Nargis who came up with the idea to offer me chocolate to get the shot done. In that sense, I started taking bribes when I was two- year- old, " Rishi said. However, the actor dodged the question on buying an award for his hit " Bobby" , something which he has mentioned in his book. " Now, I am offered good roles and I am enjoying this second phase more. " Yash ji never tried me in other characters.
As Donald Trump is just a few hours away from becoming US' 45th President, Barack Obama took to Facebook, shared his farewell letter on Facebook. It' s a letter meant to share what we know, what we have learned, and what small wisdom may help our successor bear the great responsibility that comes with the highest office in our land, and the leadership of the free world. The single most powerful word in our democracy is the word ' We. ' ' We the People. ' But before I leave my note for our 45th president, I wanted to say one final thank you for the honor of serving as your 44th. Yes, we can.
I recommended against that, but the president has made his decision. " She was acquitted of the most serious charge of aiding the enemy, which carries a possible life sentence. CHARGES AGAINST MANNINGA judge convicted Manning of 20 counts, including six Espionage Act violations, theft and computer fraud. WHY DID OBAMA COMMUTE HER SENTENCEObama said his decision took into account the fact that Manning had gone to trial, taken responsibility for her crime and received a sentence that he said was harsher than other leakers had received. Pence said in an interview airing Wednesday night with Fox News' Brett Baier that Manning' s actions compromised national security, endangered American personnel and compromised individuals in Afghanistan who were cooperating with US forces.
But even before Befikre was released, the 28- year- old received backlash for her transformation. ALSO READ: Kissing scenes are normal, I grew up watching Hollywood, says Vaani Kapoor  ALSO READ: Where Ranveer, Vaani French kiss for 2 hours to annoy you Moreover, Aditya Chopra' s directorial venture got a lukewarm response at the box office when it hit the screens in December last year. Her first look photos from the film did not go down too well with film enthusiasts and her alleged chin surgery only got her brickbats.
Although the film is expected to win several of the top awards we have a small budget allocated for this title. Therefore we would appreciate if the rating could be revised to " UA" with no cuts. Feel like @ anuragkashyap72@ karanjohar@ mehtahansal might enjoy this CBFC interview that got me kicked out of Pahlaj Nihalani' s office https: / / t. co/ 5ZYxd3r4WGIn the same interview, which slowly turned into an argument between the journalist and Nihalani, the CBFC chief blamed producers for the repeated controversies ( Udta Punjab, Haraamkhor, Spectre) that the CBFC has found itself embroiled in during his reign. " They are making such movies. https: / / t. co/ VCJbhHTFjDpic. twitter.
s friends told the police that he got stuck in the sludge and could not climb up. ? Babu? s police.
No Work No Pay? the registrar said. teachers won? Freedom Square? The university has asked teachers to inform them about their participation in the strike and said that faculty members will be given the opportunity to be heard before ? is decided. ? Registrar Pramod Kumar told HT, ?
. And I think she will not last, ? would- be- dictator ? At the moment the people in the UK are in denial. Theresa May will not remain in power long as Brexit cripples her government, while Donald Trump is a ? On Theresa May and Brexit, Soros predicted economic upheaval in Britain and substantial difficulties in bringing about a clean break with the European Union ? didn? s much harder to divorce than to get married, so I think the desire for rapprochement will develop, and in theory or maybe even in practice you could have a situation in 2019 or 2020 when Britain will leave the EU, because it does have to take place, but they could leave on a Friday but join over the weekend and have the new arrangement in place in Monday morning. ?
How crazy are you about the PokÃ©mon GO? Nothing still? The phone was expected to sell at Rs 40, 000 given the usual price difference between two markets. Also Read: Xiaomi Mi Max V Lenovo Phab 2 Plus: Top specs shootout Lenovo Phab 2 Pro is the world' s first smartphone to feature Google' s Tango technology - - a set of software and specially calibrated group of embedded sensors developed by Google to bring Augmented Reality ( AR) experiences on relatively affordable phablet form factor by complimenting them with depth perception and 3D mapping to understand shapes and own location in the immediate surroundings. 2 aperture and 1.
( Yuvraj Singh, MS Dhoni hundreds give India series win over England) England then rode on captain Eoin Morgan' s 81- ball 102 to get close to the target but fell agonisingly short thanks to some intelligent bowling by Ravichandran Ashwin ( 3/ 65) and Jasprit Bumrah ( 2/ 81) in the death overs. ( Nice to see Dhoni play freely: Yuvraj) " He ( Sachin) always calls me a superstar which is a little embarrassing in front of him. ! twitter. He' s always trying to be funny with be but I always take his wishes.
The Punjab and Haryana High Court division bench hearing the Murthal gangrape case on Thursday observed that the leveled allegations were not baseless and that rape was committed. " She was screaming for help. " Watch the video here
The ruling Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh today released its list of 191 candidates for the first three phases of the seven- phase Assembly election starting February 11. Senior Samajwadi Party leader and Akhilesh Yadav' s warring uncle, Shivpal Singh Yadav, has also got a ticket from Jaswantnagar.
Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal and J& K CM Mehbooba Mufti Sayeed have been identified as high- value targets by Sikh and Islamic terror groups, the alerts suggest. They have also been asked to brief security personnel on ground to ensure maximum security cover, said officials. Another alert based on the disclosures made by a youth affiliated to Islamic State has also revealed plans to target a number of BJP/ RSS functionaries and leaders. ALSO READ| Security beefed up for Delhi- Lahore bus, Samjhauta Express ahead of Republic Day
Intelligence Bureau has shared a specific input with Delhi Police that ISIS is planning to target Delhi courts during Republic Day. According to the sources, ISIS sympathisers, who have been hiding in Delhi for some time now, are planning to target courts and have done a reece of the district and the high court for a planned attack. Several cells linked to ISIS are now on the radar of law enforcement agencies.
ALSO READ: Jallikattu: May take legal route if Centre brings ordinance to conduct the sport, says PETAMassive protests continued during the day on Thursday in Tamil Nadu in support of jallikattu, the ancient and popular bull- taming sport. We will consult our lawyers and take a decision if there is an ordinance, " said PETA spokesperson Manilal Valliyate. The chess great tweeted, " Jallikattu is a cultural symbol. Respect it. tradition & livelihood are. "
The National Investigating Agency ( NIA) today said that 78 bank accounts of controversial preacher Zakir Naik' s Islamic Research Foundation ( IRF) are under the scanner. The agency also made it clear that next under scrutiny will be Naik' s foreign bank accounts.
The sports ministry has refused the Archery Association of India to host the Asia Cup in the India which was scheduled to begin in the Delhi later this month. The decision has been conveyed to the world body as well. The tournament was scheduled to be held in the Capital from January 31 to February 5 and the AAI had received entries from five countries, with all other necessary arrangements also in place.
The woman? The 25- year- old married man, identified as Amit, and his cousin, Basant ( 19) , were arrested by the outer district police on charges of attempt to murder within 24 hours of the incident. s brother. He claimed to be in love with the woman.
19 lakh. The formula to calculate the inflated amount is: ( Average Consumer Price Index in Year 1 ( in this case, 1974) / Average Consumer Price Index in Year 2) x Rs 30, 000 ( money Rishi Kapoor claims to have paid for his Filmfare Best Actor award) ALSO READ: 10 interesting facts from Rishi Kapoor' s autobiography Khullam Khulla: UncensoredALSO READ: Rishi revealing dad' s affairs and 5 other times Chintuji shocked the worldALSO READ: Rishi Kapoor had tea with Dawood Ibrahim and was offered ' everything' ALSO WATCH: The divas who ruled the red carpet at Filmfare Awards 2017That Filmfare Awards, or for that matter any film award televised for entertainment, can be bought with money, has been a timeless conspiracy theory. com/ FxZoOzqpAtNo nomination for Akshay, Manoj, Randeep, Nawazuddin, Taapsee, Fatima, Airlift. . FILMFARE AWARDS ON SALE pic. ? twitter. com/ ShziLpURJCWell said Aamir sir ð?
Setting aside all talks of alleged cold war, Captain Amarinder Singh and cricketer- turned- politician Navjot Singh Sidhu, who recently joined the Congress, held a joint press conference in Amritsar today. " To this Captain said, " I am his wicketkeeper. The Congress is set for a tight contest with the Aam Aadmi Party and the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal- BJP alliance in Punjab, which goes to polls on February 4.
This letter was written in the capacity of a Rajya Sabha MP to NG Jayasimha, the Managing Director of Humane Society International ( India) . In the said letter Dr Manmohan Singh remarked, " The Human Society International/ India affiliate has a worthy objective and certainly we have to discourage bullfights which provide a cruel form of entertainment" . But come today the scenario is absolutely different. People have a legitimate right to protect their pride & conserve their culture. The Congress party may have opposed jalikattu with its full force but today it stands a divided house.
In a precursor to the step, the government has almost done away with dry days in the state by allowing bars in three- star hotels and above to serve liquor for 365 days in a year. ALSO READ: Liquor ban: Is Madhya Pradesh going the Bihar and Gujarat way? ALSO READ: PM Modi' s big praise for ex- ally Nitish Kumar over Bihar liquor ban
Needless to say, Singh was ecstatic to learn of her win, and sent out a heartfelt message to her fans, as she accepted the first award of the night. " twitter. I am so proud of you. Thank you. "
In snow- capped Bhont village of Shimla, six Himachal Pradesh policemen came to the rescue of a 23- year- old pregnant woman who was going through unbearable labour pain.
When colleagues raided Boots? Greaney claimed that Boots, who had been a West Yorkshire police officer since 1990 and an inspector for more than 10 years, stole drugs from the stores he managed at Trafalgar House police station, in the centre of Bradford. ? Greaney said. The trial continues.
Harshvardhan Kapoor, who made his big Bollywood debut with Mirzya, went onto win a handful of Best Debut trophies at various award functions. And the 26- year- old actor was expecting the same at Filmfare Awards which took place recently. He expressed his displeasure over not winning the award and said, " Although I picked up two debutant awards earlier, I was really looking forward to winning the black lady. I will be honest, though.
Trouble brewed for Bollywood film producer Karim Morani after Rachkonda police of Hyderabad booked him for alleged rape and blackmailing. A Delhi- based woman had approached the police alleging that the family producer continuously raped her in pretext of marriage.
According to reports, the bus was carrying nearly 50 students of JS Vidya School when it collided with a truck in Aliganj area of Etah district. Expressing pain over the accident and loss of young lives, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, " Anguished by the tragic accident in UP' s Etah district. ? s Etah district. District Magistrate Satyendra Singh said the decision was taken after a sudden drop in the temperature and it will be reviewed again after two days. 7 degrees Celsius.
faeces problem? poop thrower? . counseled? A list of pet owners was prepared and immediately after the complaint, we found out that there were 15 of them. ? s excreta.
Sources in the BJP said Shekhar has joined the party ahead of the Uttarakhand Assembly election, while Tiwari has only extended his support to the party. Tiwari was also the Governor of Andhra Pradesh from 2007 to 2009, a post he quit after being embroiled in a sex tape controversy. He also served as a minister at the Centre several times having held charge of key portfolios like Finance and External Affairs.
twitter. In his column for the Daily Mail, Hussain heaped praise on the India captain before reminding England that they have five more opportunities to find a way to stop him. BCCI ( @ BCCI) January 18, 2017? ? . wrote Hussain. https: / / t. co/ XY9KRR7uBl?
prank? Police said the girls admitted they knew about the prank video but claimed that Sumit and Kadyan had not told them the video would later be uploaded on YouTube for money. ? the officer added. Crazy Sumit?
. Read: YouTube ? s IGI airportSLPC is conducted when the threat is at its highest level and passengers have to go through complete frisking just before entering the aircraft. kissing prankster? However, fliers have a lot to complain about as the CISF is conducting random frisking at the gate and baggage is screened twice. ? CISF?
s IP Estate area. Four counsellors visited the ashram to speak to the victim but one of them was allegedly thrashed by one of the accused, the officer said. serial rapist? Read I Delhi ? cries for mercy
( slut) . , Bak* * * * and ? Bastard? has been replaced with ? The Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) has awarded the U/ A certificate to the film, but according to a report the board has demanded replacement for a few cuss words including ? .
It' s a generation gap. I cannot be a friend to a son. Rishi added that he never argued with his father Raj Kapoor and the kind of relationship he had with him, he passed on to the one between Ranbir and himself. When we were kids we knew that we were children of someone very important because wherever we went people looked at us as Raj Kapoor' s sons, " Rishi said.
23 crore of liquor and over Rs two crore worth narcotics have been seized in the five poll- bound states of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Goa, Uttarakhand and Manipur, till data recorded upto January 17. " 54 lakh. UP has led the suspicious cash seizures tally with Rs 56. 38 crore in cash,  Rs 6. 95 lakh.
Following the shock recall of high- value banknotes in November, banks have recalibrated two lakh- odd ATMs across the country to dispense the newly- designed Rs 2000 and Rs 500 notes. 76 lakh. Out of all these people, only one person contacted and brought the matter to our notice. Meena said. ? said Meena.
ALSO WATCH Baywatch trailer 2: Priyanka Chopra makes being bad look sexyALSO READ: Did Priyanka Chopra open up on facing racism in Hollywood on Koffee With Karan? We are having those conversations, but we have not started because it is not going to release until May. But the wheels are in motion. "
Veteran Kavita Goyat ( 75kg) was the lone bronze- medallist. Stranded at the airport for nearly 24 hours and without their luggage for a good part of the competition, Indian women boxers had to deal with more than just opponents at the Nation' s Cup in Serbia but showed tremendous fortitude to return with half a dozen medals. But the organisers were very cooperative, the supervisor allowed us to compete without medical books as we were stuck in extraordinary circumstances, " he added. Hats off to the girls. It was an eventful trip, " he added.
against development? alleged Khan? Turning the tables on Banerjee, the CPI- M came out in support of the farmers at Bhangar and threatened to hit the streets if police forces were not withdrawn. In the previous Left regime, there was an attempt to acquire land in Bhangar, but the state government retreated in the face of fierce protests in Singur and Nandigram led by chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who was then the opposition leader. CM Banerjee rushed leaders such as Rajya Sabha MP Mukul Roy and minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah to talk to the agitators, who demanded the cancellation of the project. said Chowdhury. ?
INDIA TODAY EXCLUSIVE: India media has already painted me black, says Dawood IbrahimA series of tweets had credited PM Modi' s diplomacy with the success. EXCERPTS FROM THE INTERVIEW: Q: Coming to area of security cooperation, in recent years we have seen an extradition treaty between India and UAE and some individuals have been deported. Again, we do not know whether it is true, untrue. A: Well, I know there are international laws, rules and regulations, there are bilateral agreements and those agreements you know finalises any or emphasises on any decision that a country might take in terms of extraditing. WATCH:
DEMONSTRATION BEGAN IN MADURAIThe demonstration began on Tuesday morning after the news of the arrest of Jallikattu protesters in Alanganallur town of Madurai district spread here. ALSO READ: As Tamil Nadu CM watches MGR movie, angry Marina Beach protesters ask where OPS isThe support for the protesters is growing with the students of SRM University in Chennai announcing that they would demonstrate outside their institution. Jallikattu is every Tamilian' s identity. The Supreme Court in May 2014 banned the conduct of Jallikattu. The court also held that bulls cannot be used as performing animals either for Jallikattu events or for bullock- cart races in Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra or elsewhere in the country. Ever since the ban, people have been demanding the central government take necessary steps to allow the conduct of the sport.
GAVASKAR PAYS TRIBUTE TO KAPIL DEVDescribing Kapil as India' s greatest match winner, Gavaskar said, " For me it was an absolute honour to have played in the same team ( as Kapil) . With our success, if people get happiness, you feel proud about it. When we played cricket, there were no turf wickets in Chandigarh, what was there is passion, " he remembered. ( It was) hard time for me as a captain to stop him, " recalled Gavaskar. His enthusiasm is absolutely incredible.
Hollywood actor Dakota Johnson, who split from model- singer Matthew Hitt last year, says she is now planning to explore bisexuality. WATCH: Vin Diesel calls Ranveer Deepika' s boyfriendALSO READ: xXx Return of Xander Cage ReviewSpeaking about her split, Johnson said: , " S* * t happens. " She further opened up and said, " I think I am a little bit heartbroken all the time, even when I am in a happy relationship.
Following tradition, outgoing US President Barack Obama and his family will board the Air Force One for the final time as they fly to Palm Springs in California for a vacation after US President- elect Donald Trump' s inauguration on January 20. " The Obamas are looking forward to traveling there on Friday and will return to Washington DC after concluding their vacation, Earnest said, adding he did not have details about the how long the vacation will be. " I did not say how long they are gonna stay. The family would live there for at least next two years.
41 million through e- commerce giant Alibaba. 89 million yuan ( USD 2. The Panamanian- flagged Mahoni was bought by the Hong Kong- based Zhongjiang Ocean Shipping Limited through an auction hosted by Taobao, Chinas biggest consumer- to- consumer online shopping platform, and was transferred to the firm by the court on last Friday. 41 million) , state- run Global Times reported today.
den of corruption? due? This House directs the Delhi government to take all possible steps to look into the finances of the MCDs in accordance with the provisions of the Delhi Municipal Corporation Act, 1957. ? ? poor financial management? . Sisodia said.
Attack on BadalsOn Tuesday, Kejriwal said once the AAP comes to power in Punjab, it would set up a special investigation team ( SIT) to probe the corruption allegations against the Badals and recover the amount ? ? he said. . s decision to contest against chief minister Parkash Singh Badal from Lambi constituency, Kejriwal said Amarinder was trying to help Badal so that AAP candidate Jarnail Singh doesn? t matter now. He?
Railways has rushed an investigation team to Motihari. During the interrogation, police claimed they confessed to having been paid Rs three lakh by a Nepali citizen identified as Brajesh Giri allegedly connected with the ISI for planting a bomb on railway tracks at Ghorasahan in East Champaran district in October 1 last year to cause an accident. Also read | Rail fracture may have caused Indore- Patna Express tragedy: MoS Railways " Fortunately, the bomb was detected with the help of villagers at Ghorasan and defused, which thwarted the sinister designs of the terror elements, " Rana said. Rana said the anti- terrorism squad and other security agencies had been informed about the confession made by the three men who were being interrogated for more details to ascertain if the gang had any role in train accidents inKanpur and elsewhere.
A man gagged and stabbed his five- year- old son who was demanding two rupees for buying a kite, the child leaving him severely injured in Sarnath area in Varanasi, police said on Monday. His other son Satyam, who saw him attacking his brother, informed his mother Gyatri and together they intervened before rushing the child to hospital, they said. The injured boy after getting preliminary treatment at the nearby government hospital.
s red light district on Monday brought the Capital? GB Road. Monday? The crime branch admitted that girls are sold to the brothel owners for Rs 1 lakh and the victims are confined in hidden cells, thrashed, intoxicated, starved and forced into commercial activity. The fact that the Delhi Police had raided the same place in August 2016, when this girl was probably confined there, says a lot about the nexus of the traffickers. ? said a senior crime branch official.
The fans on Court 19 got their money' s worth on Tuesday night, watching 37- year- old Ivo Karlovic set an Australian Open record for the longest match - in terms of games, in the tiebreak era - as he beat Horacio Zeballos of Argentina 6- 7 ( 6) , 3- 6, 7- 5, 6- 2, 22- 20 in 5 hours and 15 minutes.
This is a clear cut case of corrupt practice. A BJP delegation comprising union ministers Prakash Javadekar and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and party office- bearers Bhupender Yadav, Anil Jain and Sidharth Nath Singh lodged a complaint with the Election Commission against Gandhi and sought freezing of the symbol. Also read |   RSS did not hoist national flag at their headquarters for 52 years: Rahul Gandhi   Javadekar said that as soon as the schedule for Assembly elections in five states was declared, the Congress had started raising communal tension and seeking votes on the basis of religion. We want an investigation into this and the party symbol should be sealed" .
Vetrimaaran was in the capital on Monday for an event. " The main reason why PETA and others want to put a ban on this traditional practice ( jallikattu) is that they say it is cruelty to animals, " said Vetrimaaran. . I feel this practice should continue, " he added. The court also held that bulls cannot be used as performing animals either for jallikattu events or for bullock- cart races in Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra or elsewhere in the country.
( Also read: Virat Kohli is from another planet, says former England captain Michael Vaughan) Chasing a difficult 351- run target, the hosts were tottering at 63/ 4 but a 200- run fifth wicket partnership by Kohli and Kedar Jadhav put India in command. The second match will be played here on January 19. Jadhav smashed 120 runs in a whirlwind 76- ball innings that included 12 boundaries and four sixes while Kohli' s 105- ball innings was laced with eight fours and five sixes.
Germany stands at the top with a visa- free score of 157 while Singapore overtakes South Korea and becomes the highest ranked Asian passport with a visa- free score of 156. HERE' S WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW:
A video posted by BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav complaining about the bad quality of food had gone viral, triggering a flurry of reactions. Last week, a widely circulated media report had claimed that the Ministry of Home Affairs ( MHA) in a report to the Prime Minister' s Office had found no substance in the complaint of the trooper and there was no discontent among the BSF personnel. The MHA later refuted the media reports.
All the three accused pleaded not guilty and the trial in the case will begin from February 1. ALSO READ: Sheena Bora murder: Former colleague and witness calls Indrani a manipulator, schemer THE DRIVER' s CONFESSIONIndrani' s driver Shyamvar, the fourth accused, had turned an approver in the sensational murder case. Indrani later married Sanjeev Khanna with whom she has a daughter Vidhie. According to the CBI, Peter' s son Rahul and Indrani' s daughter Sheena were in a relationship and engaged to be married. ALSO READ:
Phir se log kahenge ki hamara jhagda ho gaya. ' People will say we started fighting again. ) Earlier, trade analyst Komal Nahta confirmed that Shah Rukh Khan will be playing an " important cameo" in Salman Khan- starrer Tubelight. The story is set in the backdrop of the 1962 Sino- Indian War and is rumoured to be a remake of the 2015 Hollywood film Little Boy where a young boy Pepper undertakes a mission to find his father who gets lost while fighting in the second world war. .
The tax departments action on such entry operators or hawala dealers in cities like Kolkata, Gurgaon, Charkhi Dadri and Chitradurga in Karnataka led the taxman unearthing laundering of cash to the tune of Rs 200 crore. Similarly, in a bank branch in Noida, investigations are on into deposits in more than 100 bank accounts that were used to laundering more than Rs 200 crore, " the report said. Cash is deposited in bank accounts of paper companies or accounts fraudulently and immediately transferred through RTGS to other similar fraudulent accounts. The modus operandi followed is the same across the country.
The inputs related to the planning of the terror outfits were received by the intelligence agencies that have been keeping a tight vigil on the movements of these outfits. According to highly- placed sources in the Intel agencies, specific inputs have been received that these outfits including Hizbul Mujahideen ( HuM) , Lashkar- e- Tayiba ( LeT) , Indian Mujahideen ( IM) , Al- Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent ( AQIS) are hatching a plot to launch a terror attack in various parts of the country at one- time. Meanwhile, senior officials said after demonetisation, terror fundings along with hawala transaction have remained as major hit. Terror outfits have allegedly started planning smart and impactful.
The other two minors who were allegedly assaulted by Rastogi on January 12 have told the police that he tried to confine them in a dark room and touched them inappropriately. serial rapist? Read | Delhi ? a police officer said. s friend. cries for mercy?
" Black money is the result of aberrations in the society and whoever is holding the same needs to be punished, " he said. Demonetisation was never an electoral or political decision, it was taken in the long- term interest of our economy, BJP national general secretary Ram Madhav has said. BRING IN REFORMS IN POLITICAL FUNDING" Prime Minister Narendra Modi has appealed to all political parties that we have to bring in reforms in political funding, " he added.
s foreign minister, Mevlüt Çavu? o? The state- run Anadolu Agency said the suspects were being taken to Istanbul? After fleeing the scene of the massacre, it is believed the gunman initially hid in a safe house, where he was joined by his wife and children. After the arrest, Turkey? ?
I just want to point out that NSG membership is not some kind of farewell gift for countries to give to each other, " Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told a press briefing, adding that she would not reiterate China' s stand on the issue of non- NPT ( Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty) countries joining the elite group. It is a regret that no consensus has been reached so far. We need more time for deliberations so as to reach consensus and the committee will follow relevant procedure and rules of procedure. WATCH: India- China- Pakistan NSG triangle: Chink in Modi' s armour?
They are trying to break the AIADMK and dismiss our government. I will tour the entire state and tear their mask, " he said. " . Significantly, Gurumurthy, who has taken over as Editor of Thuglaq magazine after the demise of founder- editor Cho S Ramaswamy, had made veiled remarks at the annual readers interaction on Saturday in Chennai that while one party was already under the control of a family ( apparent reference to DMK) , another party was going into the control of a family ( AIADMK) . He also questioned the security being given to Gurumurthy who held no position in the government. Her entire treatment has been recorded.
lekin Modiji ka kurta kabhi phata hua nahi milta. He walked towards the mic again, and said, " Mera kurta phata hua hai. The soul of this institution was murdered by Modiji with just one move, " he said. . MUST READ: From India Today magazine - Modi' s new challenger: Rahul GandhiWhile slamming the Modi government over demonetisation, Rahul Gandhi stopped his speech mid- way and decided to show the torn pocket of his white kurta to the crowd. Modiji thodi tapasya kijiye, thoda yoga kijiye.
On the day of ' Kaanom Pongal' , the last day of Pongal festival, jallikattu was conducted against the ban by Supreme Court at Kanjirangudi, Ramanathapuram. Trained men, tried to wrangle with the bull for nearly an hour but no one was able to get near it. Also read: To defy jallikattu ban, cock fight conducted in Tamil Nadu
4 million users. And for the high failure rate, it squarely blamed Airtel. " . The resultant call failure rates continue to be of the order of 175 calls failing out of every 1, 000 calls from Jio to Airtel network when the QoS regulations mandate that no more than 5 calls out of every 1, 000 calls can fail. As part of its quarterly report Reliance Industries on Monday announced that four months after its launch Jio has over 72.
ALSO READ: Complete Golden Globes speech of Meryl Streep attacking Donald TrumpALSO READ: Donald Trump responds to Meryl Streep' s speechOPINION: Dear Zindagi is Shah Rukh' s natural evolution, not a change of trackNow, in a recent interview published in Hindustan Times, when Shah Rukh Khan was asked why stars would not talk about " real issues" in India, Shah Rukh said that he would go ahead and say something only if the journalist he speaks to would put across his views exactly as they are, without adding or deleting anything. " Religious intolerance and not being secular is the worst kind of crime that you can do as a patriot, " is what Shah Rukh had said which got him into trouble. You say it, but you cannot tell me what to say, " Shah Rukh was quoted as saying. No, I will not say anything. It' s stupid. " .
ALSO READ: Fawad Khan becomes dad for the second time, blessed with a baby girl  ALSO READ: Fawad Khan announces baby Elayna' s name with custom- made red velvet cakes And after months, Sadaf has shared the first picture of their daughter Elayna on Instagram. Fawad' s Sons Birthday! Happy Birthday Ayaan? Elayna ? f. k) on Jan 15, 2017 at 11: 46am PST The picture was taken at Fawad and Sadaf' s son' s birthday bash. afzal.
The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to Centre, Facebook, WhatsApp and TRAI on a plea that sought government regulation of the online messaging services. This, petition alleges, may amount to invasion of privacy of individuals. Replies to the notices issued on Monday have to be filed in two weeks, after which further hearing will take place.
To trace a trajectory, LFW Winter witnessed the first- ever plus size show last year. He walks for menswear and womenswear equally as he believes that fashion is always different and unique. The Lakme Fashion Week Summer/ Resort 2017 edition will now welcome gender neutral model Petr Nitka to its runway for the very first time.
? a police officer said. May 25: A 13- year- old girl with Down Syndrome is admitted to AIIMS after she is kidnapped, brutally raped and dumped near the railway tracks allegedly by her neighbour in southeast Delhi? safe? rapist1_ text1 { width: 98% ; font- size: 110% ; color: # F00; font- weight: bold; margin- top: 5px; padding- left: 5px; float: left} . Sunil Rastogi came to Delhi by the Sampark Kranti Express and no other train, travelled only on odd dates and wore the same set of clothes - - a red jacket and a pair of blue jeans. He would tell the child he had more presents for her and would take her with him and sexually assault her, ? s Kalyanpuri. corrosive substance? serial rapist?
In 2002, the right- wing organisation had hoisted the national flag at Smruti Bhawan, which houses the memorials of the first two RSS chiefs, founder Dr Keshav Baliram Hedgewar and Guru Golwalkar. For 52 years after the independence, the RSS did not have a tricolour at their headquarters in Nagpur. The Congress party made and strengthened the RBI so that there is a body which is not under government pressure since it takes economic decisions. ON REPLACING GANDHI IN KHADI CALENDAROn the controversial Khadi Gram Udyog calendars and diaries which for the first time carried Modi' s pictures, and not Mahatma Gandhi' s, the 46- year- old leader said, " Modi replaced the picture of the man who took three bullets for the nation. "
. Also read: Donald Trump' s first press meet after win: If Putin likes me, that is an assetOn nuclear arms: Speaking in the context of sanctions against Russia and making deals with Moscow, Trump said, " For one thing, I think nuclear weapons should be way down and reduced very substantially. " We' re supposed to protect countries. Five. It' s not much. "
beyond grotesque? s population. Last year, Oxfam said the world? The fact that a super- rich elite are able to prosper at the expense of the rest of us at home and overseas shows how warped our economy has become. that a handful of rich men headed by the Microsoft founder Bill Gates are worth $ 426bn ( £ 350bn) , equivalent to the wealth of 3. 3 billion people. ? .
63 lakh are lying vacant across the country. The highest 1. Jharkhand has a sanctioned strength of 73, 713 posts in its police force, of which 15, 400 are lying vacant. According to Home Ministry statistics, there are 22, 63, 222 sanctioned posts in police forces of all states in the country, of which 17, 61, 200 are occupied while 5, 02, 022 posts are lying vacant.
Continuing a yearly tradition, outgoing US President Barack Obama signed a proclamation to declare January 16 Religious Freedom Day. " The president said America' s strength comes from its diversity. " And throughout our history, faith communities have helped uphold these values by joining in efforts to help those in need - - rallying in the face of tragedy and providing care or shelter in times of disaster, " the US President said. Religious freedom is a principle based not on shared ancestry, culture, ethnicity, or faith but on a shared commitment to liberty - and it lies at the very heart of who we are as Americans, " Obama said on Friday.
Democratic Representative Lewis blasted Trump in an interview to a news channel, saying he would boycott the ceremony for the first time since he arrived in Congress in 1987 because he doesnt see Trump as a " legitimate" president in light of Russian interference, CNN reported. Some members of Congress have said they will be protesting in DC and in their districts instead of attending the event. " All talk, no action. I will not be attending inauguration of @ realDonaldTrump but WILL participate in the @ womensmarch on January 21st, " New York Rep. Nydia Velazquez tweeted. But he hasnt proved himself to me at all yet, so I respectfully decline to freeze my ass out there in the cold for this particular ceremony. "
Priyanka Chopra may be busy making it big in the West, but she did not miss out on making the most of her short trip to India. The desi girl shot for an episode of Koffee With Karan while she was here, and if a report in DNA is anything to go by, it is too good to miss.
Sidelined by the BJP in the official league of ' Margdarshak' ( supreme guides) , senior parliamentarian LK Advani today suggested to the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS) to give more space to women in its ranks.
New Delhi, Jan 15 ( PTI) Army Chief Gen Bipin Rawat today said jawans who take to social media to express their complaints could be punished as their act lowers the morale of those guarding the frontiers of the country. He also said that despite Pakistans continuous engagement in proxy war against India, " we want to restore peace on the Line of Control" . " Aapne jo karwai ki hai aap iske liye apradhjanak hain, aur saza ke haqdaar ho sakte hain ( You are violating rules by your act and you could be punished for that) , " he said, referring to instances of jawans taking to social media to air their grievances.
com. Better known as an opening batsman, Imrul came in place of an injured Mushfiqur Rahim in New Zealand' s first innings, reports bdnws24. He showed superb power to take five catches to become the first substitute wicketkeeper to do so in a Test match.
The planes captain then decided to make an emergency landing in Istanbul and the older man was dragged off the flight by four security guards. The older man then calms down for a few minutes but lashes out at one of the air hostesses again as he walks towards the toilet - - prompting the younger man to jump in again. Footage of the incident that took place last Wednesday was uploaded to liveleak the day after the incident.
Jaisalmer, Jan 15 ( PTI) Border Security Force ( BSF) today launched operation Sard Hawa at the western international border of Rajasthan, under which vigil will be beefed- up to check the instances of infilteration due to the dense fog in the area. The operation will continue till January 28.
Just when India' s new Army Chief General Bipin Rawat said that India will be ready to carry out more surgical strikes if needed against terror launchpads in PoK, the United States ( US) has supported India' s right to defend itself. US DEMANDS ACTION AGAINST HAFIZ SAEED United States has demanded action against Hafiz Saeed and the terror groups in Pakistan. The outgoing US Assistant Secretary of State clarified that the US justice department placing a bounty for evidence against Hafiz Saeed followed a clear understanding of his role in the Mumbai attack. Also read:   US diplomat Nisha Desai Biswal to visit India for talks" US DISAPPOINTED WITH BEIJING' S MOVE" United States has also spoken out on China blocking India' s move to designate Jaish- e- Mohammed ( JeM) chief Masood Azhar as a global terrorist.
said the official. As per a senior EDMC official, of the 8, 595 sanitation workers ( regular and daily wagers) in Shahdara south zone, 6, 800 resumed work on Saturday. ? We know that EDMC is running in huge losses and it doesn? We don? s attention.
Imran Khan has been missing from the limelight ever since his 2015 release Katti Batti with Kangana Ranaut. ALSO WATCH: Abhi- Ash' s daughter Aaradhya and Aamir' s son Azad dancing on their Annual Day
One of the busiest shrines in north India, the Brajeshwari Devi temple sees a majority of pilgrims from Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. He said the butter idol would be removed from the ' pindi' or iconography of the goddess on January 20 and its ' prasada' or edible food would be distributed among the devotees. It is believed the idol butter cures chronic skin ailments and pain in the joints.
The seasoned Yuvraj Singh was recalled to India' s limited- overs teams to lend solidity to an inexperience middle- order and ease the burden on Mahendra Singh Dhoni, captain Virat Kohli said here on Saturday. He though played his last T20I versus Australia in Mohali last March during the ICC World Twenty20. " ( Virat Kohli' s Team India will rewrite history, says MS Dhoni) " So, right now we do not have the time to nurture the one spot as much because we have a big tournament coming up straightaway, that is why Yuvi was brought into the team. We had discussed Rayudu as well, but he has been injured for a long time and did not have game- time behind him. ( Kohli already has a formidable record as ODI captain) ON CHAMPIONS TROPHY
. Love you Karan! ! ( @ aliaabhatt) on Jan 14, 2017 at 3: 07pm PSTBest Film: DangalBest Director: Nitesh Tiwari for DangalFilmfare Critics Award for Best Film: NeerjaFilmfare Critics Award for Best Actor ( Male) : Shahid Kapoor for Udta Punjab and Manoj Bajpayee for AligarhCame with one stunning lady and heading home with two. Go team Udta Punjab â? Thank you # filmfare. â? ?
creative team? It has details of classes and exams to be held by the National Open School in Tihar and the success story of a Bangladeshi prisoner who recently passed with flying colours. . Others such as Sunil Gora- wara, a bank manager jailed along with former Haryana Speaker Satbir Singh Kadiyan in the 1991 IFFCO graft case, have made poetic contributions. s ? annual winter Olympics? ?
in places like Dwarka, Defence Colony, Sarita Vihar, Preet Vihar and Dilshad Garden ? Nearly half of this waste, from big and small construction sites, can be recycled but end up on the Yamuna riverbed, in our backyards, local water bodies, or at landfill sites. Kumar told HT on Friday. A concessionaire, Metro Waste Handling Limited, is removing the demolition waste from these bins and taking them to the Shashtri Park construction and demolition plant, ? ? If household waste is segregated and recycled it will reduce the waste by at least 60% Segregate: Separate wet and dry waste by keeping a bin for paper, glass, wood, cardboard and another one for food and kitchen wasteCompost: Set up community compost bins in your area. t wrap gifts.
pic. Pls stop hurting MsTrisha. Thank u @ iam_ str for making my stand clear and takin up for me as always  Disrespecting a woman and her family is tamil culture? à ®? . Let' s not hurt her ( Trisha) just because she differs from our opinion. Dont weaken our case by slandering. Leave small people alone fight decesion makers. " ! Period !
A dispute has broken out between the production house and distributor of John Abraham- starrer Force 2 which released last year. The production house, Viacom 18, has registered an FIR against the distribution firm K Sera Sera Digital Cinema Ltd for allegedly leaking Force 2 on the internet last year, which resulted in huge losses for the film' s producers.
These figures, in fact, suggest that only Rs 54, 000 crore of the notes banned on November 8 last year failed to make it back. This could well open up the intriguing possibility that more banned notes may have returned than were said to be in circulation. Â
He said it must be held as it is part of Tamil culture. ALSO READ: Bairavaa ReviewALSO READ: Khaidi No 150 ReviewALSO READ: Gautamiputra Satakarni ReviewSpeaking at Vikatan Film Awards, Rajinikanth said, " Bring in whatever rules but jallikattu must be held to keep up the traditions of our Tamil culture. " After Kamal Haasan' s statement, several Kollywood celebs backed jallikattu, including Dhanush, Simbu, Khushbu Sundar, GV Prakash and RJ Balaji.
She said that the truth would be only out if CBI conducted a probe. " Tej Bahadur claimed that he decided to speak out as there was no inquiry being done. Days after the video went viral, Sharmila shared an audio clip of Tej Bahadur where he alleged that there was a lack of amenities and  that he is being forced to tender an apology. Tej Bahadur made headlines after he posted several videos of bad food being served to the jawans in Jammu and Kashmir. He also said that he was being threatened.
DC Prank? serial rapist? prank? Yadav added. The Crazy Sumit . ? During questioning Sumit claimed that the women seen in the video were his friends. We will also check bank account of these two men to ascertain the detail how much many they have received so far? s house.
Reports of Guetta' s Mumbai concert getting cancelled came right on the heels of the artist' s Bengaluru show being scrapped. Authorities added that they did not ask that the event be cancelled but only directed the organizers to reschedule it for a different date as the January 12 concert was clashing with local APMC polls. Also read: After Bengaluru, David Guetta' s Mumbai concert also cancelled
Historical Mughal- era gardens ? said the official. ? Officials in the ministry said Vardhan also urged the tourism minister to take over the Shahjahanbad redevelopment project as it has been hanging fire for years. Officials in the ministry said Vardhan also urged the tourism minister to take over the Shahjahanbad redevelopment project as it has been hanging fire for years. Dr Harsh Vardhan also informed that the historic Town Hall of Delhi, the erstwhile headquarters of unified Municipal Corporation of Delhi, may be redeveloped as Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Memorial.
As most of the world knows, we did, " they say, a nod to the much- reported brushes with the law both Bush twins experienced while drinking underage. But you have so much to look forward to, " it said. " Explore your passions. Learn who you are. " Enjoy college.
Police have arrested a 39- year- old man in West Bengal for sending a " threat letter" to former India skipper Sourav Ganguly. Nirmalya Samanta, a local newspaper vendor from West Midnapore town was arrested on Friday for allegedly sending the threat letter.
The Home Ministry has in a report to the Prime Minister' s Office today said it has found no substance in a complaint by a BSF jawan that poor quality rations were given to security personnel posted along the border, asserting " there was no widespread discontent" in constabulary over food. Yadav, wearing camouflage uniform and carrying a rifle in the video, claimed that while government procures essentials for them, the higher- ups and officers " sell it off" in an " illegal" manner in the market and the personnel have to suffer. He also posted other videos in which he claimed that the quality of food served was not good.
The Supreme Court today refused to give any relief to owners of liquor shops on state and national highways.
Starting off with a bit role in the 1999 film Sarfarosh, actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui has come a long way, giving stellar performances in award- winning films, one after another. ALSO READ: Haraamkhor Movie ReviewALSO WATCH: Udi Udi Jaye from Raees is the perfect Makar Sankranti gift ALSO WATCH: It' s Shah Rukh vs Nawaz in RaeesRecently, in an interview with the comedy group AIB ( All India Bakchod) , Nawazuddin Siddiqui spoke of his experience working with both Salman and Shah Rukh Khan. " Since Shah Rukh bhai has been in theatre, he is not content till the scene is right, " said Nawazuddin Siddiqui, " Working with him feels like working with an ' actor' . "
Eighteen years ago, Sasi Gangadharan, a coconut tree climber from the outskirts of Kerala' s Thiruvananthapuram district, fell down from a coconut tree. Sasi reached out to the panchayat to help him with a three- wheeler to set up a small business, but they turned down his repeated requests stating that there is no motorable road till his house. I used to slip and fall, my clothes tore. They said what is the point in giving you the vehicle when you have no road there? "
Shahid Kapoor' s little sister Sanah Kapoor is set to get hitched, if a report in Pinkvilla is to be believed. Reportedly, Sanah, who made her debut with brother Shahid and dad Pankaj Kapur in Shaandaar, got engaged to Mayank Pahwa, who is the son of actor Manoj Pahwa and Seema Bhargava Pahwa, earlier this month.
If I see my journey since then, I had to change according to the team' s needs. I am ready to change my batting order according to the responsibility given to me in the times ahead, " Dhoni said at the conference which was held in Pune ahead of India' s first ODI against England on January 15. However, it changed in the last few years. " The top- order batsmen batted really well and I felt there was no explosive finisher at the lower order and due to that I was batting lower down the order.
Where has this country gone? Addressing a seminar at the India International Centre where former chief justices, ex- diplomats, constitutional experts and lawyers were part of the panel, he said original manuscript of the Indian constitution had pictures of several Hindu gods and idols like Ram, Krishna, Arjun Nataraja, Vivekananda and Guru Gobind Singh. This question troubles me sir and I am asking if the constitution was framed today and the constituent assembly resolves that we will have such pictures what will happen? We will have to reflect.
Zlatan being Zlatan, accepted the challenge and at the twilight of his career set towards the hardest and perhaps the only challenge that was left in his football career - play in England. com about overtaking Costa. " But, Ibra kept his ego aside and insisted that he is not thinking about toppling Costa as he is pursuing team glory. " That is my aim.
CLICK HERE TO WATCH FULL VIDEODhoni will feature in the ODI series against England starting January 15. Virat Kohli, who took over as captain, said he hoped Dhoni would play fearlessly after the shedding the burden of leadership. - Won' t grow my hair. Split captaincy does not really work. The 35- year- old is also expected to bat higher up the order under Kohli and could be key to India' s success as they seek to defend the Champions Trophy in England later in the year. - As a wicketkeeper, I will have to keep a close eye as to what the skipper really wants " I do not believe in split captaincy. twitter.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has no bias against Muslims and is, in fact, concerned about the lack of leadership among the community, former lieutenant governor of Delhi Najeeb Jung has said. I believe a lot of onus lies with the Muslim community also because if you look back, in the last 40 years Muslims have not produced a leader of their community. . Mr Bahuguna, Mr Mulayam Singh Yadav? ? rammed down somebody? s throat?
The film also marks the Hollywood debut of Deepika Padukone and interestingly, the film has been released in India a week before its US release. And she is the queen and angel who is such a blessing in my life. She has a such a beautiful soul. I saw her in Bajirao Mastani and she was mind blowing, " said Vin, heaping praise on his co- star.
Prime minister Narendra Modi laid the foundation of 192- meter high statue las month. A Public Interest Litigation in  Bombay High Court seeks the scrapping of Maharashtra government' s much touted Shivaji statue in Arabian Sea. Bhide' s petition states that the government has spent Rs 77 crore on the inauguration ceremony when crores of money is needed for construction of the statue. Thus it is unnecessary.
Chennai, Jan 13 ( PTI) Nineteen international and domestic flights to and from Chennai suffered delay today after dense smoke engulfed the airport region here following the burning of old articles on the occasion of Bogi festival.
This is declared after two consecutive samples collected at 15 days intervals from the last positive results tested negative at the epicenters as per the guidelines issued by Department of Animal Husbandry Dairying and Fisheries, Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, Government of India, ? ? the circular stated.
The Manipur pugilist, an Arjuna awardee and a former world and national champion, has been training for the January 29 bout under the watchful eyes of 73- year- old American Joe Clough who has coached Evander Holyfield in the past. Perhaps that is the reason why Sarita wants to take no chances and has even opted for a male sparring and practice partner at the training camp.
ALSO READ | BSF video: Jawan' s wife releases audio clip; he alleges harassment by authoritiesRijiju on Wednesday said the government has sent teams of dieticians to all the posts along the country' s borders manned by security forces to ascertain the quality of food served to the troops. We take this issue very seriously. Everything would have to be updated, " Rijiju said today.
Hrithik Roshan and Sussanne Khan' s romance was the stuff of legend. But it has been a while since their divorce, and fans are keen to see their favourite superhero tie the knot again.
She raised an alarm and passers- by caught him, but he somehow managed to escape. Close on the heels of the mass molestation that shocked Bengaluru on New Year' s eve, a 22- year- old was arrested for allegedly harassing girls and asking them to " hug" him. Manikantha has been remanded in judicial custody. ALSO READ:
Sania, who is visually- impaired ever since her birth, is battling a life- threatening kidney disease and undergoing dialysis every day for at least six hours. She wanted to wear a police uniform on her birthday, which is on January 14, " Raipur SP Sanjeev Shukla told PTI. The girl was accompanied by her father, Bheemlal Sahu and mother Dimple. "
8 million, official Chinese media said today. Fines totalling 142 million yuan, involving 2, 943 cases, were issued for fixed pollution emission sources. In the first 11 months of 2016, Henan removed over 430, 000 high- polluting vehicles from its roads and ordered 12, 300 construction sites to reduce dust, a major source of smog. Fines totalling 420 million yuan ( USD 60. 96 per cent year on year.
Hence today' s concert unfortunately stands cancelled, " the organisers said. Bengaluru Rural Superintendent of Police said the concert has not been cancelled, but the organisers have been asked to fix a different date due to the APMC polls. India is a magical place. Guetta first toured India in 2012, and has subsequently performed to massive crowds all across the country. Bangalore IG ( Central) Seemanth Kumar Singh denied any law and order issue and said police will seek a clarification from the organisers.
Khaidi No 150 Cast: Chiranjeevi, Kajal Aggarwal, Tarun Arora and Brahmanandam Khaidi No 150 Director: VV VinayakKhaidi No 150 Rating: ( 3/ 5) Despite the blockbuster film that Kaththi was, Chiranjeevi has to be appreciated for choosing a remake as his comeback to films. Being at the helm of a remake is like attracting the last nail to one' s own coffin as it invariably compels the audience to get into unnecessary comparisons. In that sense, Khaidi No 150 is a win- win, even if the film is only about half as riveting compared to Chiranjeevi' s Rudraveena ( 1988) . Some of the scenes have been purposely written to target the masses. Because, Chiranjeevi. Neil Nitin Mukesh gave a commendable performance as the antagonist in Kaththi.
extremely serious? in recent years, according to the ministry, whose survey of 35 locations in the lagoon last November and December found that 70. The ministry report follows warnings by the Coral Reef Watch programme at the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that global coral bleaching could become the ? 1 degrees centigrade ? new normal?
The Ae Dil Hai Mushkil actor took to Instagram to post a picture of herself flaunting her baby bump in a bikini. Even if he is, SO WHAT? ð? ?
Giles is a friend of mine. But I suggest that since there was a call made by me to cancel the tour, you seek a clarification from Mr. Giles as to what I told him. There was no board at that time. We have been in touch with all the hosting centres and they have expressed confidence that the games will be managed successfully, just like always, and as on date, we do not anticipate any form of disruption to the series Rest assured, I will personally monitor the series as it unfolds and will keep you posted on the progress, " Johri said in his reply. ( So called obstructions removed, sure Lodha reforms will be implemented smoothly: Ajay Shirke to India Today) " Your team has arrived and settled well. Days after the Supreme Court sacked Board of Control of Cricket in India ( BCCI) secretary Ajay Shirke, it has emerged that the Pune- based administrator made several phone calls to England and Wales Cricket Board' s ( ECB) president Giles Clarke telling him that the limited- overs series could be in jeopardy.
Pune, Jan 11 ( PTI) A special section dedicated to India skipper Virat Kohli was inaugurated today here at Blades of Glory, a museum of cricket memorabilia. Rohan Pate, founder of the museum was present on the occasion along with Kohli.
Whereas, Rajesh, who works at a glass manufacturing unit in Mumbai, alleged that the flight attendant did not extend immediate medical help and she could not put on the mask during the journey. Sangeeta, a resident of Shivpur area in Varanasi, boarded the plane from Mumbai this morning along with her husband Rajesh and their daughter, Phoolpur SHO Brijesh Mishra said. As soon the plane landed at the Lal Bahadur Shastri Airport here, the woman was rushed to a hospital in an ambulance, where doctors declared her brought dead, the SHO said. She was provided all necessary medical assistance.
I? Mayweather, who turns 40 next month and retired undefeated in September 2015, has teased his fans for months with the prospect of having one more fight to surpass the 49- 0 record that he currently shares with Rocky Marciano. But we are willing to give him $ 15m and then we can talk about splitting the percentage, the back- end percentage on pay- per view. s never even made $ 8m or $ 9m [ for one fight] ? m saying right here: Conor McGregor keeps telling everybody he wants the fight ? ? Mayweather added, ?
She didn? clrboth { clear: both} @ media only screen and ( max- width: 360px) { . s friends. The teenager remained unconscious till January 3. All she could remember about the people who assaulted her was just one name ? A 15- year- old homeless girl was gang raped multiple times allegedly by a group of five teenagers over several months at different places around Mayur Vihar- I Metro station in east Delhi, police said on Tuesday. corrosive substance? t succeed.
Prem was paid Rs 1. ? We haven? A physiotherapist arrested for the murder of a 28- year- old bank manager in north Delhi stole an anaesthetic from AIIMS to make the lethal cocktail he injected his victim with, Delhi Police sources said on Tuesday. Ravi Kumar married in July.
From promoting each other' s films to attending the parties together to praising each other on social media, the two Khans have done everything possible to display their affection for each other. ALSO READ: Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan' s rehearsal for award show looks like a lot of funPHOTOS: A look- back at 5 Salman- SRK moments SRK, in an interview to Femina, confessed that his films cannot mint as much money as a Salman film if the two clash at the box office. That is the reality. "
still robust? a 0. The World Bank has downgraded the Indian economy? Delhi was particularly badly hit, with sales in the capital slumping by more than 50% , and 73% fewer new residential developments being launched than in the last quarter of 2015. ? ? Jaitley said the rupee recall was ? .
Unhoney purey Hindustan ka shirshasan kara rakha hai ( The PM does not need to do padmasan. Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday took a jibe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s professed love for yoga and raised doubts over the latter' s ability to do the ancient form of exercise. Also read: Rahul Gandhi missing in action ahead of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab elections. The PM has done a lot of yoga but he has not done padmasan) . "
Saudi Arabia has increased India' s annual Haj quota from 1. 36 lakh from nearly 1. An agreement to this regard was inked by Minister of State for Minority Affairs ( Independent Charge) Naqvi with Saudi Arabias Haj and Umrah Minister Dr Mohammad Saleh bin Taher Benten at Jeddah today, making the expansion effective from the current year. The last date for submission of applications is January 24. Expressing pleasure at signing of the agreement, Naqvi said his meeting with Benten was " very fruitful" as constructive discussion was held on the whole gamut of issues related to the pilgrimage, transport and accommodation facilities for pilgrims and their safety. "
The 33- year- old Amla is set to make his 100th Test appearance in the third and final match against Sri Lanka on Thursday, which du Plessis termed as something " really special" . " Test cricket these days. .
ADVICE FOR RAHUL GANDHIOn a query drawing comparison between him and Congress Vice- President Rahul Gandhi over electoral politics, Gopalkrishna Gandhi said, " I was playing safe by not joining politics. He said, " I would like Rahul Gandhi to tell India, " I do not want to become the prime minister of India. I want to serve my party. It also means the end of ( political) posturing. " " Hindu party of India is BJP. Majority vote was scattered.
Imposing service charge is an unfair trade practice. Service charge paid by consumers should be given to poor waiters, " Paswan said. " MAKE ' SERVICE CHARGE IS VOLUNTARY' NOTICE PUBLICThe Department of Consumer Affairs, in a statement, also asked state governments to advise hotels and restaurants to disseminate information, such as through displays, that " the service charges are discretionary or voluntary" . Also read | Don' t like paying service charge in restaurants?
He justified his comment stating that it was Prime Minister Modi who had started the trend of using derogatory words against Opposition leaders. But remember, Trinamool Congress stands firm on fertile soil, we do not get rattled by rats. Trinamool Congress MP Kalyan Banerjee today went berserk attacking Prime Minister Narendra Modi over demonetisation and recent arrests of his party leaders in connection with a chit fund scam. " We fight against tigers, " Mamata said.
To be launched in Mumbai shortly, the world' s largest fast- food company said the desi breakfast menu is aimed at increasing footfall by making the fare healthier. McDonald' s said the new additions would be grilled instead of fried. As a western quick service restaurant, we are going to grow the Indian breakfast market dramatically, " Amit Jatia, vice- chairman of Westlife Development, which runs over 240 McDonald' s restaurants across west and south India told The Economic Times newspaper. However, this is not the first Indianisation of McDonald' s menu.
Washington, Jan 10 ( PTI) The human appendix, which is thought to be of little use to the body, may actually serve as a reservoir for beneficial gut bacteria, a new study has found. Researchers from the Midwestern University Arizona College of Osteopathic Medicine in the US gathered data on the presence or absence of the appendix and other gastrointestinal and environmental traits for 533 mammal species. This finding suggests that the appendix may play an important role as a secondary immune organ. They mapped the data onto a phylogeny ( genetic tree) to track how the appendix has evolved through mammalian evolution, and to try to determine why some species have an appendix while others do not.
Bollywood fans have all the reasons to rejoice as they will get to see Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan share screen space after a gap of 10 years. Confirmed news, guys. . Salman Khan' s Tubelight! !
The new technology allows clients to use their voiceprints for authentication rather than having to remember multiple PINs or respond to questions used for verifying their identities, Citi South Asia Head ( Operations & Technology) Anand Chopra said. On an average, CitiPhone in India receives 12. When clients call CitiPhone Banking, they can choose to enroll for this service by having their voice recorded to generate their unique voiceprint. 5 million calls annually.
This is the second time when shoe has been hurled at the Akali Dal chief. Punjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal while condemning the shoe attack on his father said it was carried out by " forces who want to turn Punjab into Kashmir. " It is those same people who have earlier also tried to disturb peace in Punjab, " Badal said in a series of tweets. " According to India Today- Axis Opinion Poll, the AAP is likely to emerge as the second largest party in the state by winning an impressive 36- 41 seats ( 29 per cent vote share) .
Two of the most deadly terrorist organisations, Lashkar- e- Taiba and Hizb- ul Mujahideen, are now operating together in Jammu and Kashmir. If a video posted on social media on January 7 is to be believed, terrorists from the two terror groups are seen walking together in an area likely to be in north Kashmir. ALSO READ:
Three AAP workers have allegedly sustained injuries. By asking people to vote for Kejriwal as Punjab chief minister, Manish Sisodia has exposed their plans. It proves AAP does not trust Punjabis, " Sisodia' s counterpart in Punjab and senior Akali Dal leader Sukhbir Singh Badal said.
The High Court asked the government to issue a circular in this regard among the countrys doctors within 30 days. Dhaka, Jan 10 ( PTI) Taking exception to doctors sloppy handwriting, a top Bangladeshi court has ordered them to write easy- to- read prescriptions in block letters or type them to prevent wrong medicines being issued to patients. A bench comprising Justice Naima Haider and Justice Abu Taher Md Saifur Rahman issued the order after holding a primary hearing over a writ petition.
Read onThe girls were deeply embarrassed by the questions of the legislator murmured, " Blood was coming from the bottom" . questioned the MLA. However, the MLA further asked them what do you mean by bottom? you all are educated and should reply.
A local court in Karachi on Tuesday issued arrest warrant against former star cricketer Wasim Akram, after he failed to appear before the court during last 31 hearings of a case. On August 6, 2016, Akram' s Mercedes was shot at on Karachi' s Karsaz Road while the former ace bowler was on his way to the National Stadium Karachi to conduct a training session for young bowlers.
Earlier, Modi met several visiting foreign dignitaries including President of Rwanda and Prime Minister of Serbia to promote bilateral relations and investment opportunities. If you have not visited Gujarat you are stupid. We have seen in the last two and a half years that it is possible to deliver quick results in a democratic set- up as well, " the PM said. Business magnate and chairman of Reliance Industries Limited said that the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit got better each time. " It is the fastest growing state.
A hoax message is doing rounds on WhatsApp  and YouTube which claims the e- wallet will not function after January 15. " There are some rumors circulating that you will not be able to use the Paytm Wallet after 15th January! Till now they were issued by One97 Communications Limited. In case the wallet has been inactive for the last six months and has zero balance, it will not be transferred to the Paytm Payments Bank Wallet without the user' s consent, which will be taken while logging into the account from the app, web or by e- mail.
85 crore in Indian currency and fake Indian currency notes of face value of Rs 2. The seizure of narcotics was highest in 2015- 16, compared to the previous three financial years. 59 crore ( including Rs 102 crore by DRI) . 80 crore by DRI alone ) while in the last fiscal it was Rs 795. 66 crore.
Customers who buy Jio SIM cards December 4, 2016 onwards will be part of the Happy New Year Offer, while existing users who signed up for Jio Welcome Offer will automatically be moved to the new offer effective from 1st January 2017, " the company said. 8Mbps. 9Mbps with Airtel at second with 5. 2Mbps download speed.
https: / / t. co/ 26ysrUQDrc# Pakistan# Nuclear# SLCM# Babur3 Notice video closely at 7s. Cavitation canister? ? pic. The analyst, in a series of tweets, claimed that Pakistan insidiously used a computer generated image of a missile over the background to show that Babur- 3 was successful. The Pakistani military said the Babur- 3 missile was " capable of delivering various types of payloads and will provide Pakistan with a Credible Second Strike Capability, augmenting deterrence" .
s representatives on Fifa? beautiful stories? European football? Fifa? Referring to his election last February on a proposal to expand the World Cup to 40 teams, Infantino said the prime objection from European clubs had been to increasing the number of matches played, and the tournament? We understand that this decision has been taken based on political reasons rather than sporting ones and under considerable political pressure, something ECA believes is regrettable, ? immense reservations? ? s length.
The state now has 12 new coastal tourist locations, identified through a project funded by United Nations and the Centre. So far, majority of the tourist activities were concentrated in the Malvan area of the district which in turn were impacting marine life adversely. Also Read: Emerald Blue and You: A tour around the paradise that Andaman is
The spokesperson further said: " As part of the settlement, Mondelez International Inc has agreed to pay a civil penalty of USD 13 million to resolve the investigation. " Commenting on the development, a company spokesperson said: " Mondelez International Inc and Cadbury Limited are pleased to have reached an agreement with the SEC to settle charges related to internal controls and books- and- records provisions of the FCPA, without admitting or denying the charges. " 5 crore) to the Securities and Exchange Commission for transfer to the general fund of the United States Treasury" .
Model- turned actor Arjun Rampal and Bollywood star Jackie Shroff could be the star campaigners for the Bhartiya Janata Party ahead of the Uttar Pradesh assembly election. Speculation regarding this started emerging after the duo reached the BJP' s headquarters in New Delhi early this morning and held meetings with party officials. Rampal also said that he was impressed with the BJP since he believed that the party was working for the development of the people.
News agency PTI had reported local sources in Midnapore saying that one Z Alam wrote the letter addressing to Ganguly' s mother Nirupa warning the cricket stalwart against attending the programme where he has been invited as chief guest. ( WATCH VIDEO HERE) " Your son is hereby warned not to attend the programme.
RV Deshpande said that in his long political career he has also seen people from the grassroots going on to become highly successful ministers. The minister was replying to a question on how ministries are allocated in a government.
From calling Salman an ISI agent to accusing Bigg Boss of feeding him drugged food, Swami has been going overboard with his bizarre claims, in a desperate attempt to garner publicity. Also read: Bigg Boss 10: These three contestants deserve to be in Top 3This is not all. He also said that there are no cameras in the smoking zone, so there is no video recording of the incident.
34 lakh crore, " he said. Holders of the old currency were given the option to exchange or deposit demonetised notes in bank accounts until December 30. I- T DEPT BRIEFED ON CASH DEPOSIT DETAILS" These have been flagged while disseminating to I- T department, " he said adding the details of cash deposits totalling to more than Rs 10, 700 crore in different accounts in the northeastern states had also been disseminated. The reports were collated and analysed based on intelligence, which has been available in the government database, " the official said.
We will have to weigh what court thinks. " It is a traditional sport in Tamil Nadu. Venkaiah Naidu hinted that in the view of strong emotional connect of the people of Tamil Nadu with jallikattu, the Centre is mulling over a way out after the Supreme Court banned it. " Later, she filed a maintenance lawsuit against her ex- husband.
I will build a bigger, better city than Hyderabad. Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu today said he will build a " bigger, better city" in Amaravati than Hyderabad when the latter becomes the capital of Telangana in 2024.  " The BJP ally at the Centre had earlier questioned the move to ban Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes, saying he did not know if there is a solution to the cash crisis. People should remember me forever.
The number of tobacco- related deaths is projected to increase from about 6 million deaths annually to about 8 million annually by 2030, with more than 80 per cent of these occurring in LMICs ( low- and middle- income countries) , " the study said. It is responsible for likely over $ 1 trillion in health care costs and lost productivity each year, " said the study, peer- reviewed by more than 70 scientific experts. Health experts say tobacco use is the single biggest preventable cause of death globally. "
Former India captain Mohammad Azharuddin has decided to contest the Hyderabad Cricket Association ( HCA) elections for the first time. ( WATCH VIDEO HERE)
London, Jan 10 ( PTI) Former football star David Beckham and his wife Victoria are reportedly moving to their new country mansion worth five million euros in Cotswolds.
1 and were even slower in Melbourne. First of all we could not play well under pressure and twice our batsmen failed to hold their nerve for even two sessions of the day which is quite unfortunate, " he said, as quoted by Pakistan daily Dawn on Sunday. " ( Australia rest Hazlewood for opening ODI, Pakistan recall Hafeez) On skipper Misbah looking helpless at times on the field, Inzamam said: " Look, when your team is not performing and you are also struggling with the bat, the pressure is doubled and Misbah is also passing through the same situation. " But he failed miserably in Australia and generally all our bowlers conceded too many runs, " the former right- hand batsman pointed out. " Reliance on spinner Yasir Shah has been excessive, another factor in Pakistan' s losses. "
Raipur, Jan 9 ( PTI) Hailing Prime Minister Narendra Modi for demonetising Rs 1, 000 and Rs 500 currency notes, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev today said printing of Rs 2, 000 currency notes should also be stopped in future. " Fake currency note in high denomination is convenient for printing, transportation and difficult to trace. . Terming demonetisation as a historic and brave step, he said, black money constitutes 80- 85 per cent of the economy and Modiji has taken bold step to solve the issue.
Lucknow, Jan 9 ( PTI) A BJP leader has moved the Election Commission against BSP chief Mayawati accusing her of seeking votes in the name of caste and demanded that her party be debarred from contesting elections. Mayawati during her press conference on December 24 and January 3 presented caste- wise details of ticket distribution clearly stating that her party has given tickets to how many Muslims, backwards, SCs and others, " Saxena told PTI.
They have become global citizens but they need to be the citizens of India first, " Ramesh said at the India Today Conclave. There are no hostilities towards outsiders. Responding to Raghvan' s comment, Jairam Ramesh offered to elaborate. " The elites of south India have seceded from the rest of India.
. to hell with them ( state/ central government) " . Owaisi was speaking at the session ' Region, Religion, Identity: Keeping India First' and was joined on stage by Palanivel Thiagarajan, DMK MLA, and M V Rajeev Gowda, Congress MP in Rajya Sabha. ALSO READ | After Supreme Court' s ruling, BJP slams Asaduddin Owaisi, asks for probe into his speechOwaisi said if Supreme Court can identity Hindutva as a way of life, then Islam and Christianity are also way of life for many.
ALSO SEE: This photo of Shah Rukh Khan' s daughter Suhana in bikini along with AbRam goes viralRecently, a photo emerged of the two siblings posing with Suhana' s friends. ? ¬ ( @ future.
Navjot Singh Sidhu will join the Congress in a day or two and will campaign against Jaitley if he decides to fight the Lok Sabha by- election, " Singh told India Today TV in an exclusive chat. Amarinder had beaten Jaitley from the Amritsar Lok Sabha seat in May 2014 general election. Also read: Punjab: Navjot Singh Sidhu likely to join Congress on January 9 The cricketer- turned- politician was overlooked by the BJP for the 2014 general election for this seat and his political mentor in the BJP, Jaitley, was fielded instead.
We are as good in business as any other states in the country. Emphasising that there is need to do away with the stereotypes about the people of south India, Tamil Nadu Education Minister K Pandiarajan said that the state is as pro- entrepreneurship as any other state in the country including Gujarat. That, they are not entrepreneurs. Bharat Biotech' s chairman and managing director Krishna Elaa also took part in the discussion.
I' m probably one of few actors who have played jallikattu. Am a proud Tamilian, this is our culture, " he said. Defending the game of jallikattu currently banned in Tamil Nadu, superstar Kamal Haasan today said he is a big fan and all those who hate the bull sport should give up on biryani too. " In a blow to the Tamil Nadu government in November last year, the Supreme Court had dismissed the state' s plea seeking recall of its 2014 verdict banning the bull fights, holding that the practice amounted to cruelty to the animals.
When his baggage was examined at the time of check- in, the officers seized 10 Nigerian passports and 14 Indian visas, which were found concealed in a set of artificial hair. Also read | Absconding Nigerian national convicted in drug case arrested by Mumbai police
Congress President Sonia Gandhi' s son- in- law Robert Vadra today attacked the Centre for lack of management after the petrol pumps across the country threatened to stop accepting payments through credit or debit cards. Also read: Demonetisation unplanned; both RBI, government clueless: Robert Vadra
Updated at 12. 24pm GMT 23: 24  Benjamin LeeIt? 12. s to come: Golden Globe nominee @ IssaRae on Donald Trump' s Twitter account: " It' s scary" pic. Thank you! ? s a promo for the show which, through the power of montage, makes it seem like it might just be the most exciting night of our lives:   11. First up, here? s what?
Its disgusting. . Los Angeles, Jan 8 ( PTI) In a bizarre incident, an American woman living near an airport thought a massive bird had splattered her car with droppings only to realise that it was a plane that had dumped human waste on her property. Bowker said.
We cannot say anything. " Collaborating what Maitreyan said, India Today Consulting Editor Rajdeep Sardesai quoted a senior Tamil Nadu bureaucrat saying that the administration was preparing for a change of guard in the government. From cradle- baby scheme to Brand Amma canteen- everything that she did was for the people of Tamil Nadu, " Maitreyan said. Maitreyan said that Jayalalithaa' s stand on terrorism displayed her nationalist outlook. " Jayalalithaa had immense respect for former prime ministers Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Manmohan Singh, the Rajya Sabha MP said.
Snow fell in many parts of Beijing today morning and is expected to last into the night, bringing a bit of relief from the smog that has persisted since the last day of 2016. The density of PM 2. 5 - tiny pollutant - was 178 micrograms per cubic meter. People should carry umbrellas if they walk outside and quickly brush off any snow that falls on their skin, " he was quoted as saying by state- run Xinhua news agency. Despite drops in pollution indicators, smog still frequently occurs, the report said.
Victory has been achieved achieved. Today, having earned Rs 341. 8 crore. Here is the day- wise breakdown of Dangal' s total box office collection so far: Day 1 ( Friday) - December 23: Rs 29. 48 croreDay 5 ( Tuesday) - December 27: Rs 23. ALSO WATCH: Aamir Khan' s Dangal vs Salman Khan' s Sultan - Who did what betterThe performances of Aamir Khan as Mahavir as well as those of Zaira Wasim/ Fatima Sana Shaikh as Geeta Phogat and Suhani Bhatnagar/ Sanya Malhotra as Babita Kumar have been widely praised.
New details have emerged after Mumbai Police registered an Accidental Death Report ( ADR) for actor Om Puri' s demise on Friday ( January 6) . The initial cause for Om Puri' s death was said to be an heart attack but according to the preliminary postmortem report, Om did not die of ' natural causes' .
Kolkata/ New Delhi, Jan 7 ( PTI) The Imam of a Kolkata mosque today issued a fatwa against Prime Minister Narendra Modi, accusing him of " bluffing" the people through demonetisation, evoking a sharp reaction from BJP which demanded his arrest. The fatwa against our Prime Minister is highly condemnable. " Modi is bluffing the society and the innocent people of the country through demonetisation and nobody wants him to continue as the Prime Minister, " he said during a joint conference by the All India Majlis- e- Sura and All India Minority Forum here.
Under the ' Z' category cover, which is the country' s second- highest security categorisation, Singh will be guarded by 24 commandos of the central armed police, with protection also being extended to his home and office. The MHA late Saturday night ordered Central Industrial Task Force commandos to immediately take charge of Singh' s security. SP MP NARESH AGRAWAL: AMAR SINGH IS A ' BJP AGENT'
Ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) , opposition Congress and new entity Aam Aadmi party ( AAP) makes it triangular battle in Goa. Also read:   India Today- Axis Opinion Poll on Goa: In key state, AAP eyed, BJP takes the cakeAsking Goans to choose honest politics kejriwal appealed to vote his chief ministerial candidate Elvis Gomes. During his poll campaign escalating charges against ruling BJP govt in Goa and the Chief Minister Lakshmikant Parsekar, kejriwal said, Parsekar represents corrupt poltics. Kejriwal asked Goans to vote for change and end the friendly match between Congress and BJP have been seen for over the years.
The departments Ahmedabad probe wing has now initiated action under tax laws and has sought full details from the bank after it conducted survey operations against it sometime back and found large irregularities. Officials said the departments investigation till now has found that cash deposits of Rs 871 crore, majorly using the old notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1000, was made in this bank between November 9- December 30 last year while Rs 108 crore was withdrawn during the same period in a highly suspicious manner not commensurate with the banks activities during the same period in 2015 or at other times. 53 crore was deposited.
Over 15 restaurants will come up with more than 100 smoked preparations at the Smoked Food Festival, which will commence on January 13 in Mumbai.
The Tamil Nadu Cricket Association on Sunday wrote to the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI) CEO Rahul Johri letting him know of the non availability of the MA Chidambaram stadium for the two U- 19 Test matches scheduled to be played between India and England next month. ( Disqualify BCCI office- bearers, Lodha panel tells Supreme Court) This letter was sent after the informal meeting involving Srinivasan and Thakur, along with office bearers from the other 22 state associations failed to reach a conclusion yesterday. Following are some of the latest instances when BCCI state associations refused to host cricket matches due to various technical reasons: ( BCCI setting dangerous precedent with its defiance of Supreme Court) WATCH FULL VIDEOBut the meeting itself did not seem to have any effect on the Lodha Committee neither did it succeed in paving a way forward for the sacked or ineligible officials.
It' s time for the Obamas to bid farewell. In fact, this ' goodbye party' might outshine President- elect Donald Trump' s inaugural party, which is due on January 19 this year. A lot of them were also present at Obama' s inauguration party eight years ago.
Justice RM Lodha and his committee will meet on January 11 in light of what happened on Friday to ensure that nothing like this is ever repeated again. These officials who went stand disqualified as per SC verdict, " a source close to Lodha panel told PTI. They are individuals who went on their own capacity. ( Amitabh Choudhary eyes BCCI top post after delaying selection meet)
Ellen DeGeneres' show is truly the hub of all that is hot in the industry. If some reports are to be believed, Deepika Padukone will appear on the talk show to promote her Hollywood debut, xXx: Reurn of Xander Cage, on January 18.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has warned his partymen against lobbying for their relatives to get tickets for the forthcoming elections in five states.
The resolution focused mainly on demonetisation. Praising the demonetisation move by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today said that it was a historic step taken by the visionary leadership of PM Modi. She said that it is a sensitive government and that is why ministers responded on a daily basis on what it was doing to assuage the difficulties bore by the common man. About 85 per cent of the people are backing this decision and they are standing behind it. "
Many people, including celebrities like Aamir Khan, Akshay Kumar, Farhan Akhtar, Anushka Sharma, Varun Dhawan, Taapsee Pannu, Malaika Arora Khan and Virat Kohli, condemned the situation in India where women are unsafe regardless of the clothes they wear or where they are at, at any given point of time or whom they are with, but there are also many people who share Omji Maharaj' s views. Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi had ignited outrage after he remarked that Indian women are trying to ape the western culture by opting to wear revealing clothes and made a statement similar to Omji, " If there is gasoline, there will be fire. # oxy( deprived) moronsArgggh how this angers me. Sir punish the criminals not the victims. I am a " sanyasi" who has control over my senses and desires, but not all men can do that" .
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday termed the November 8 demonetisation as a " historic" and " bold" move towards welfare of the poor, while serving as crippling blow to terror, fake currency note racket, and insurgency. Jaitley, who presented the party' s economic resolution in the BJP national executive meet, also said that the demonetisation decision was taken because the Narendra Modi government " is visionary and committed about its promises made before coming to power" , according to Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
After Phase 3? After the completion of Phase 4, the Delhi Metro will become the largest Metro system outside China to carry about seven million passengers every day. ? The new phase will particularly benefit south Delhi as residents will have the option of taking the Metro to go to the airport. said a senior DMRC official. s expansion become operational.
Darpan Basak, 14 years of age, won the Young Travel Photographer Of The Year, and Ankit Kumar, 13, won the Young Travel Photographer ( 14 years old and under) in the Places and Experiences category. According to Huffington Post, the judges had this to say about the young boy' s pictures, " Conveys the experience of landing the catch, getting into the action and giving a sense of the excitement. " Darpan, a self- taught photographer, started taking photography seriously in 2012.
Among ABTA' s ' 12 Destinations to Watch for this year' list, Kerala has bagged the 8th position, leaving behind destinations like South Africa, Vietnam and the US. Not like we needed someone to tell us how beautiful Kerala is, but The Association of British Travel Agents ( ABTA) has released its Travel Trends Report 2017, and it reiterates just what most Indian travellers know. Kerala offers a multitude of experiences for holidaymakers, writes ABTA.
tree man? s rarest diseases. because of the bark- like warts that once covered his body will soon be able to leave hospital after groundbreaking treatment for one of the world? Bajandar? I never thought I would ever be able to hold my kid with my hands, ? ? t return again.
Shahid Kapoor may have won hearts with his adorable displays of affection for wife Mira Rajput, but there was also a section of people who were unhappy with him for advocating arranged marriage and constantly bringing up his age difference with Mira. I am an actor. It will not stop whether I like it or not. We cannot be touchy and say, bhai mere baare mein koi baat nahin karega. "
The Delhi Commission for Women ( DCW) and Delhi Police are once again on a collision course. The DCW has sent a notice to the Delhi Police seeking answers about non- installation of close- circuit television ( CCTV) cameras in all the police stations.
Comp not taking responsibility please help us we want to go back home! Also read: Norway child case: Aryan' s Indian mother formally seeks help from Sushma Swaraj@ SushmaSwaraj mam our ship have holes and to much water coming in! pic. Many sailors tweeted that they have run out of diesel and few of them have not been paid for almost 15 months.
With this pushing back of examination dates by 9- 10 days, it looks like we will have to take entrance tests in between exams, ? said Joshi. ? t worry as CBSE usually holds the Humanities examination in the later part of April. said Vidya Niketan student, Rohit Sharma. However, teachers said students shouldn?
dieselgate? Euro 6? It found that heavy- duty vehicles tested in Germany and Finland emitted about 210mg NOx per kilometre driven, less than half the 500mg/ km pumped out by modern diesel cars that meet the highest ? It will also be put forward for discussion by the European commission on 17 January in Brussels, but the ICCT said it faces resistance from some vehicle manufacturers and EU member states. It is disgraceful that car manufacturers have failed to reduce deadly emissions when the technology to do so is affordable and readily available. said Peter Mock, managing director of ICCT in Europe. ?
minimum fare? of Rs60. ? under which the company calculates and shows rates depending on expected time and distance of travel and local traffic. said Pooja Shah, an IT professional who regularly uses Uber cabs to tavel to and from work. upfront fare?
Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor Khan' s son had been hitting the headlines for almost nine months prior to that date. I still cannot believe that just because a few people did not like a baby' s name, they wanted the baby to die. ALSO WATCH: Saif- Kareena become proud parents to a baby boy, TaimurSpeaking on the mental trauma that the Kapoor- Khan family has had to face because of this, Kareena' s father and Taimur' s maternal grandfather Randhir Kapoor said that at the time of the controversy, he and Rishi Kapoor wondered if a person has the basic freedom to name his own son in such turbulent times? "
Dilli Haat has always been decked up in beautiful colours - colours from different parts of the country. Prices begin from Rs 500. Also Read: Experience the best of food and music at this 10- year- old festivalAbdul Raza, a block printing artist from Gujarat, has collaborated with block print artists from Iran to create beautiful and fascinating designs on cotton, silk and wool fabrics. Gholamreza Emami, the Iranian Meenakari artist, says each piece of utensil takes about a day to finish and he has been doing it for 15 years. "
Days after the Supreme Court ruled that no politician or political party was allowed to seek vote in the name of religion, BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj has created a fresh controversy by blaming Muslims for population boom. Sakshi Maharaj' s speech came merely two days after the Election Commission announced the dates for polling in five states including Uttar Pradesh.
Traffic to tourist destinations Shimla, Manali and Dalhousie were cut off from the rest of Himachal Pradesh on Saturday following heavy snowfall overnight, officials said. Likewise, traffic on the National Highway- 21 was also blocked near Patlikuhl, 20 km before Manali. The cold weather resulted in the freezing of taps. A government spokesperson said most of the internal roads in Shimla and Kinnaur districts were cut off due to snow.
Sushant Singh Rajput has missed out on most of the Best Actor awards. When DNA asked Sushant what he had to say about seeing other actors picking up the Best Actor trophy at the award shows, Sushant said, " I will not lie. MOVIE REVIEW: MS DHONI THE UNTOLD STORYALSO WATCH: MS Dhoni The Untold Story Movie Review
The deceased has been identified as Marishwary, daughter of Kennedy. She participated in the Khelo India boxing competition that has been going on at Tuticorin for children between the age of 14 and 17 years. After the first round of her tournament, Marishwary collapsed.
He claimed the " martyrdom of vibrant and charismatic Kashmiri leader Burhan Wani has given a new turn to the Kashmiri movement" . Referring to the four points he presented before the UN, Sharif once again urged the world community to make all out efforts for the realisation of the promise it made to the Kashmiri people seventy years ago. India had strongly criticised Sharifs speech at the UN, describing it as an act of " self- incrimination" by Pakistan. He had also praised the militant during his address to the UN General Assembly on September 21, describing him as a " young leader" .
Basit Ahmed and Mohammed Asrar Rehbar, both aged 18, will play with Sociedad Deportiva Lenense Proinastur - a third division professional club from the Spanish La Liga - for the next six months. La Liga is the national football league in Spain. Ahmed, a centre- forward, and Rehbar, who plays on the wing, hail from Srinagar and were chosen by a special committee formed by the CRPF to pick footballing talent from the Kashmir Valley as part of its initiative to engage with the youth.
He' s of medium height, stockily built, with salt and pepper hair and a neatly trimmed white moustache. 25 Safdarjung Road, the official residence of the vice- chief of army staff, thrums with activity early on a foggy January morning, just days after General Bipin Rawat assumed office on New Year' s Day as India' s 27th chief of the army staff. There is simply no question that will induce any hesitation on his part, from tackling China and Pakistan, surgical strikes, the controversial Cold Start war doctrine to the polemic around his selection as army chief, superseding two senior army commanders. Whether these forces are going to be used physically will depend on the situation, but surely these forces meet the purpose of credible deterrence. My thinking is that you have to look at emerging technology because of the time it takes for a weapons system to be inducted into the armed forces. Infantry is the most affected- deployed along the border round the clock, in internal security situations, and in the face of frequent ceasefire violations on the border- we need to give them modern weapons technology best suited to such an environment. We want peace and tranquility, and if we find that something can be resolved through negotiations, an attempt is always made to resolve it through negotiations but if we find these incidents getting repeated, we define a threshold, a decision is taken, recommendations are made, and we will go across again. What I can say is that there are dotted lines, and those dots are then joined together by us to draw a red line. We are also looking at upgrading operational logistics systems.
What started as an Instagram row has escalated to such an extent that the greatest pound- for- pound boxer of his generation has become involved in the beef between R& B stars Chris Brown and Soulja Boy. But one thing you gotta stop doing my nigga, I? Signed my contract I? Soulja Boy reposted the image, adding: ? ? !
I sent my resignation to Speaker Ram Niwas Goel on Thursday, " Singh, a former journalist, told IANS. The Aam Aadmi Party has fielded Jarnail Singh from Lambi in Punjab to take on five- time Chief Minister Badal of the Akali Dal. Punjab goes to the polls on February 4.
Manushi? NBT chairman Baldeo Bhai Sharma said if reading habits are on the decline in the country, it is not because people are any less in love with books and reading, but because of other factors like lack of access and high costs associated with books, according to Sharma. Bookworms in the Capital can rejoice as the New Delhi World Book Fair, organised by the National Book Trust ( NBT) , India, in association with India Trade Promotion Organization ( ITPO) , will start on Saturday at the Pragati Maidan. said Sharma. ? Dr Pratibha Ray, a Jnanpith Awardee and Odia writer, will be the guest of honour. he said.
One of the two foreigners, a 38- year- old Brazilian woman identified as Joseane Da Silva Antunes, was trying to smuggle in capsules of cocaine in her stomach and was intercepted on December 30 at Delhi' s IGI airport. He too was admitted to Safdarjung Hospital. The agency is still on the look out for more such smugglers coming to Delhi. Only after applying profiling techniques, the suspects were identified.
No more than one in 100 cases registered in Karnataka under Section 354 of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC) " Assault on women with intention to outrage her modesty" ended in a conviction in 2015, according to National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB) data. 2 per cent) were convicted. WATCH: Bengaluru mass molestation issue was blown out of proportion: Karnataka energy minister
Only he can rescue the country. To save the country, let a national government be formed: Advaniji, Rajnathji or Jaitleyji can head it, " she said. Also read | Bengal BJP Chief accuses Mamata of inciting violence, demands President' s rule The Trinamool Congress has also accused BJP member and Union Minister Babul Supriyo of not only involvement in the scam, but also " tricking" him into the fraud, a charge reiterated by Paul' s wife Nandini. On Thursday, Trinamool Congress MPs staged a protest march to the Prime Minister' s Office ( PMO) but were detained on their way. Speaking after the administrative meeting, Banerjee once again trained her guns on Narendra Modi for creating a financial and agrarian crisis in the country.
Goa, the poster state for majority- minority amity in Narendra Modi' s India, is likely to be retained by the BJP in the February 4 Assembly election. The India Today- Axis Opinion Poll has given the BJP 20- 24 seats in the 40- member Assembly - a finding that will disappoint Arvind Kejriwal' s Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) , which was hoping to grow beyond Delhi and north India.
Hyderabad, Jan 5 ( PTI) A top Indian Army official today said the " discourse" in Jammu and Kashmir is shifting to " primacy of Islam over Azadi" adding to complexities in dealing with sectarian faultlines in the border state. " . So, that clearly adds a fairly complex dynamic to stabilising the nation as it were, " Deputy Chief of Army Staff ( Planning & Systems) , Lieutenant General Subrata Saha, said.
The government has announced that the Budget will be tabled on February 1 while polls while Assembly polls will begin from February 4. ' The budget is a constitutional duty of the government and not related to any one state. The presentation of the budget is not a sudden decision rather it has been decided beforehand with prior information to the stakeholders, " Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said. WATCH: Budget row: Opposition meets Election Commission, demands budget after March 8ALSO READ:
Tamil Nadu cabinet in December had recommended late AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa for the Bharat Ratna. The memorial is expected to cost around Rs 15 crore. The Cabinet also passed a resolution to construct a memorial for Jayalalithaa and to change Puratchi Thalaivar MGR Memorial name into Puratchi Thalaivar MGR and Puratchi Thalaivi Amma Selvi Jayalalithaa Memorial.
A down- and- out Congress may finally find a reason to cheer on March 11 when it wins back Punjab in the Assembly election scheduled to be held exactly a month from now. The India Today- Axis Opinion Poll has given the Sonia Gandhi- led party 56- 62 seats in the 117- member Punjab Assembly, currently held by the Akali- Dal- BJP combine for two straight terms.
Despite the inconvenience faced by citizens after the Prime Minister' s surprise announcement on demonetisation, the BJP seems poised to bag the crucial battleground state of Uttar Pradesh.
a CISF official said. ? In the case of women allowed to carry a knife of up to 4 inch, the official said the security personnel on frisking and scanning duty has the right to refuse entry if the passenger id seen as a security threat. he added. the official added.
A week after sanitation workers hauled up an elderly man and forced him to clean his crap with his dhoti in Ujjain the Meghnagar Nagar Panchayat in district Jhabua has threatened death for those found defecating in the open.
The sheer extension which I would say. therefore, Google has as much obligation for India as you have for the US and the world, " Prasad said at a Google event here. . Indias digital economy is going to be USD 1 trillion plus in the coming 3- 4 years, " he said.
Am a soldier first and then politician. While addressing a press conference in Delhi today afternoon, the former chief minister of Punjab said, " Am a soldier first and then politician. One should not forget his/ her first love and mine is Army, " said the ex- Armyman.
All these are the possibilities I am excited about. Pichai, who is on a short trip to India, while talking to a business newspaper said that India would never have completely automated cars. " Also Read: Live updates: Google CEO Sundar Pichai announces Digital Unlocked for SMBsGoogle in a way started the trend of driverless cars earlier this decade when the company started working on the making cars completely autonomous. At a media event in New Delhi on Wednesday, Pichai had said: " The Internet is a powerful equalizer and we are motivated to bring the benefits of information and technology to as many people as possible.
Also Read: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2- in- 1 may launch in Q1 2017 Samsung Chromebook Plus and Chromebook pro are both convertible laptops, meaning you can flip the screen 360- degree and use it as a tablet. 7mm for precise screen capturing. The latter may have better performance and graphics ( and hence a higher price) but both drive the same 2400 x 1600 display, resolution a notch above 1080p. Both the Chromebooks are fitted with mobile grade chipsets with 4GB RAM and 32GB e. MMC storage.
Google CEO Sundar Pichai is in India. But this time he chose to visit his alma mater IIT- Kharagpur. He talked about his time at the IIT, including how once he got C grade in one paper and discussed the mantras of success. I love cricket. As expected, during his conversations with engineering students at the IIT, from where Pichai graduated in 1993, the Google boss was very candid. 5.
New Delhi, Jan 5 ( PTI) A CISF official today allegedly committed suicide by shooting himself from his service revolver at a Delhi Metro station here.
( Dhoni made the right decision by stepping down as limited- overs captain: Ganguly to India Today) WATCH THE FULL VIDEO HEREAgainst the visiting Australian later that year, Dhoni got the chance to acquaint himself with the pressures ODI captaincy brings. In fact he insulated his players from the media hype and intense pressure and delivered the World Cup for the second time in history with a classic knock at the Wankhede Stadium. Leading India in the World Cup would have been a dream for him but Dhoni has never been the kind to discuss his own fantasies on the field. Under Dhoni, India lost overseas across all formats.
Hollywood received a major jolt when Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from Brad Pitt on September 19, after 12 years of togetherness and 2 years of marriage. Reportedly, Angie claims that Brad is insistent on getting the details relating to custody sealed from their ongoing divorce because he is " terrified that the public will learn the truth. " of Children and Family Services into allegation of abuse. "
Mohammed Mansoor Hussain and Hoor Unisa are desperate to meet their son who has been sentenced to one- year in prison and 300 lashes after being convicted in a robbery case. ALSO READ:
Reacting to media reports about the quantum of demonetised currency that has been returned to the banks, the Reserve Bank of India today said such estimates may not be correct. ALSO READ: Demonetisation hits state elections, all expenses above Rs 20, 000 to be cashless
Following her death, the ward is holding a by- election today and Kokila' s mother is contesting for her place. . The notice goes on to say " at this time when my mother is seeking your votes, grieving for the loss of me and my father, I request you to bless her and make her win. Not anybody else. "
Accused of raping a 14- year- old girl twice, Meghalaya MLA Julius Dorphang has been absconding after a non- bailable warrant was issued against him in Laitumkhrah. He then contested in the 2013 elections and was elected from Mawhati constituency. Dorphang is known to have been a militant and chairman of the banned insurgent outfit, HNLC, and had surrendered in 2007.
While promising a safer Bengaluru, the top minister termed the entire episode an a conspiracy to defame the state' s Congress government and the IT city in particular. We have taken necessary action. WATCH: Bengaluru molestation: 4 accused arrested in Kamanahalli case
said Marchand. s fans chanted ? Robert Marchand set the first hour record in the over- 100s category in 2012, then beat it himself two years later at the age of 102, when he covered more than 16 miles. I? ? While Marchand is not making plans for the future, his coach, Gerard Mistler, said he would not be surprised to see him continue cycling.
Katrina Kaif and Ranbir Kapoor called it quits days before the release of Katrina' s film Fitoor, and reports suggested that her Fitoor co- star Aditya Roy Kapur became her shoulder to cry on. ALSO READ: Whoa!
An unruly passenger flew all the way from Dubai to New Delhi tied to his seat as the crew aboard an Indigo flight, 6E- 024, had to take the drastic step for his fellow passenger? We ask our staff to keep calm but there are guidelines to tie down a passenger if the situation goes out of hand, ? ? A medical examination has been conducted, the police officer said. s standard operating procedure ? Passengers are rude and sometimes turn violent over minor things.
Like father, like son, right? Seems so. Earlier in 2014, Abu had gone on record to say that a raped girl should be hanged. Well, yesterday actor Esha Gupta took to a dig at Abu Azmi' s rampant misogny and tweeted that the only woman to blame in regard to Abu Azmi' s remarks is his mother for unknowingly giving birth to a " jerk" . .
WATCH FULL VIDEO HEREDhoni is only the first captain from the sub- continent and third to have won 100 ODIs, after Allan Border and Ponting. ( Dhoni steps down as India' s limited- overs captain) He captained India in 331 matches across all formats ( Tests, ODIs and T20Is) - most by any player in cricket' s history. Australia' s Ricky Ponting is second with 324 matches. Last year captaincy record:  71.
Stalin the second son of Dayalu Ammal and Karunanidhi had won over the internal battles within the party to become the ' working president' . DMK needs to get rid of thieves, " Alagiri once said. Stalin has been a working president since last two years but they wanted to keep Karunanidhi as the President as he still carries a lot of respect among the cadres, " he said. Then, as party' s deputy legislative Assembly leader Thuraimurugan brought forth MK Stalin' s name for the post, party general secretary, Anbazagan concurred it. WATCH THE VIDEOALSO READ:
Earlier, sources close to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav had said that his camp was in talks with Congress leaders over a possible alliance in the run up to the Assembly elections. On Tuesday, talks between Mulayam Singh Yadav and son Akhilesh remained inconclusive. ALSO READ: SP- lit can be averted if Mulayam agrees to Akhilesh' s demands ALSO READ: Mulayam vs Akhilesh: Samajwadi Party chief visits Election Commission office to claim cycle symbol WATCH THE VIDEO Party patriarch Mulayam Singh called the convention " unconstitutional" .
Beijing, Jan 4 ( PTI) Chinas e- commerce giant Alibaba paid a total of USD 3. Alibaba led merchants operating on its platforms, upstream manufacturers and logistics companies to pay at least 200 billion yuan in taxes last year and created more than 30 million jobs, it said.
The Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO) is all set to launch a record 103 satellites in one go using its workhorse PSLV- C37 in the first week of February. They weighed about 500 kg. Of the 83 satellites planned earlier, 80 belonged to Israel, Kazakhstan, Netherlands, Switzerland and the US. 2016 ISRO' S GOLDEN YEAR2016 saw ISRO putting into orbit 34 satellites - - 33 satellites with Indian rockets and one ( GSAT- 18) by French company Arianespace.
The prank took place in the early hours of January 1 when somebody climbed the Santa Monica Mountains and changed the iconic sign to " Hollyweed" . " The Hollywood Sign surveillance system is constantly evolving but an incident like the one that occurred early Sunday morning shows us where there are opportunities to make improvements, " Chris Baumgart, chairman of the Hollywood Sign Trust, told hollywoodreporter. com. "
Under the arrangement, anyone who is going to hold an event will inform the three societies - - Indian Performing Right Society ( IPRS) , Phonographic Performance Ltd ( PPL) and Novex Communications Pvt Ltd - - about the copyrighted work to be used and one of these three, which holds the rights, shall issue an invoice for royalty along with proof of ownership of the copyright. The order came after the societies claimed that they " are legitimate assignees of copyrighted works or are otherwise duly authorised agents of copyright owners" and sought to enforce their rights under section 18 ( assignment of copyright) and 30 ( licences by owners of copyright) of the Copyright Act.
The cash crunch has severely affected the sector and the loss was estimated to be about Rs 1, 000 crore since the demonetisation of old Rs 500 and Rs 1, 000 currency notes came into effect from November 8 last, state Tourism Minister Kadakampally Surendran told a press conference here. There was a decrease of 10- 15 per cent in the number of foreign tourists arriving while the number of domestic tourists dipped by 20- 30 per cent, he added. The houseboat business, one of the main attractions of backwater tourism in Kerala, was " on the verge of collapse" , he said and added that the state government would do " everything possible" to boost the tourism sector.
We' ll surprise the enemy. " Three months after its dauntless surgical strikes in Pakistan- occupied Kashmir, the army on Monday did not rule out another swoop to wipe out anti- India terror infrastructure across the border. They have weapons as well as money. " We have to adapt our strategy accordingly and we are working on it, " he added. However, he cautioned the security forces against dropping their guard. " Asked about the supersession issue surrounding his appointment, he said the army would continue to get full " support and cooperation" from the two most senior officers, Lt- Gen Praveen Bakshi and Lt- Gen PM Hariz. "
Interestingly, even after the announcement of the list of prizes, people queued up in huge numbers to buy the lottery tickets. In a bizarre list of prizes, the organisers handed out a cow, a goat, a duck as the first, second and third prize, and a number of hens and fishes as consolation prizes. For the locals of Assam, lotteries like this are a common occurrence and happen in almost all the villages of the state.
? . On December 23, the DMRC had announced it would launch a special drive from January 1 wherein all its over- the- counter transactions would be cashless at 10 stations. The stations that were chosen for this purpose are Rohini East and Rohini West on Red Line; MG Road Station on Yellow Line; Mayur Vihar Phase- I, Nirman Vihar, Tilak Nagar, Janakpuri West, and Noida Sector- 15 on Blue Line; and Nehru Place and Kailash Colony on Violet Line. I will seek an inquiry and look into the files, ? It?
The Supreme Court has sought responses from the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) and Enforcement Directorate ( ED) on a PIL alleging that journalists were paid Rs 50 crore for writing in favour of the AgustaWestland deal. Tyagi was the first chief of any wing of the armed forces to be arrested in India. However, Tyagi, who retired in 2007, was granted bail on December 26 by Delhi' s Patiala House court.
AIIMS is a medical college and medical research public university based in New Delhi, India. To start with, all the resident doctors, staff and visitors can pay with MobiKwik in the institution' s cafeteria. In the wake of demonetisation, All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) Delhi has partnered with MobiKwik to convert all its payment facilities cashless.
Baijal? Fake accounts in the name of L- G Anil Baijal surfaced on Sunday and Monday, after an account was created by the L- G House on Sunday. ? Police said they would look into allegations that the fake account users had posed as L- G Baijal and tagged other politicians, including chief minister Arvind Kejriwal.
Two persons hailing from Kerala' s Kasaragod district were arrested near Panaji late on Monday while canvassing for a convention of Salafi Muslims scheduled to be held in Karnataka' s Mangalore later this month.
Dekh lijiye chithi jismein likha hai adhiveshan asamvaidanik hai usmein sign alag hain& Netaji ka nahi hai- Kiranmoy Nanda, Suspended SP leader pic. com/ DzBEwQlxCiNanda claims that both the signs were different. Samajwadi Party vice- president Kiranmay Nanda, who was sacked for attending National Executive meet, has alleged that Mulayam Singh Yadav' s signature may have been forged on two different orders which were issued on January 1. Also Read: Samajwadi coup: Akhilesh Yadav, Ram Gopal unseat party supremo Mulayam Singh with 4 proposalsAlso Read: Samajwadi feud: Mulayam watches as Akhilesh Yadav wins, Shivpal bruised again
A 30- year- old man from Punjab? s death. s Ludhiana died under mysterious circumstances while partying with his friends at a pub in south Delhi? Police said that an inquest under sections 174 of CrPC is being conducted and statements of his friends and other witnesses were being recorded. Tandon?
This is how the rooster statue looks like: Photo: Twitter/ @ USrealitycheckBut this is not the first time when Donald Trump has been compared to birds, earlier in 2016, he was compared to a bird and a rooster mercilessly on Twitter. You know he is not gonna die # AliceinChains# Election2016# DonaldTrumppic. com/ 0rDRSqr8ij" Bald Eagles are losers, okay? twitter. They' re bald.
People felt let down. Not in Australia' s recent past has such emotion been aroused by a sporting event. The Australian Cricket Board ( ACB) , which had kept the information secret for years, finally admitted that two of their cricketing icons Mark Waugh and Shane Warne had been paid to provide information to an Indian bookmaker during the Singer Cup in Sri Lanka in 1994. Pursuing the story, he too met with a lot of brick walls and fabrications. Alarmed by the original allegations about Malik' s attempts to bribe their players and rattled by a phone call from Ray asking questions, senior ACB officials in 1995 instructed the Australian team manager Ian McDonald to find out whether any other payments had been offered or accepted. And I said if you say that to me ( deny it) on record then the matter is closed as far as I am concerned. Notwithstanding the diligent work of the judge leading the inquiry in Lahore and the courage of several Pakistani players in telling their side of the story neither the ACB nor the ICC thought it necessary to tell the inquiry commission that some of the Australian witnesses had been compromised. 55 lakh) - less than their fines of $ 8, 000 ( Rs 3.
( Hope BCCI does not lose more face globally: Ajay Shirke) " Consequent to the order all those, including me, who have completed nine years are stepping down and we have decided to appoint the senior most member of the KCA - B Vinod - the new president and the secretary would be Jayesh George, " said Mathew. Supreme Court is the apex court of the country. There are proven cases in other bodies where players have not necessarily been good administrators. " ( RM Lodha hails victory for cricket as Supreme Court sacks BCCI president Anurag Thakur)
s calendar ? While there will be a natural transition period where some vending systems may only be able to accept the existing coin, our industry is committed to ensuring we? The new 12- sided £ 1 coin will enter circulation on 28 March and the old- style coin will be defunct by mid- October, the Treasury has announced. David Gauke, the chief secretary to the Treasury, said: ? The British Parking Association says each meter change will cost £ 90- £ 130 for the simplest software upgrade and considerably more if they are to issue change. ?
New Delhi, Jan 2 ( PTI) The Supreme Court today questioned the Centre as why judges and chief justices of high courts are not being transfered despite the recommendations of the collegium and asked it to file a status report on such pending transfers with detailed reasons in two weeks. If you ( the Centre) have any problem with the recommendations then send it back to us. You are sitting over them for over 10 months, " a bench also comprising Justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud said. Give me some time.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam has written another letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking his intervention to secure release of fishermen captured by Sri Lanka.
Shah Rukh Khan' s son Aryan has been in the news for a while now, whether for speculations about his Bollywood debut or having a verified account on Instagram. PHOTO: Shah Rukh Khan' s selfie with son Aryan is too hot to handle
In the uproar today in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly following the Opposition' s protest against the PDP- BJP government, the national anthem was allegedly insulted when the ruckus continued even as it was played. The Governor rushed to the concluding part of his speech amid the din.
The Kerala Police arrested Father Basil Kuriyakose, the Principal of Kings David International School, for allegedly subjecting a 10- year- old boy to unnatural sex. The victim was a 10- year old boy who was studying at a boarding school here. After the kid disclosed the incident to his parents, they lodged a police complaint. "
NOVEMBER 2014: CSK, RR FOUND GUILTY The Mudgal committee found that IPL COO Sundar Raman, Meiyappan and Kundra were guilty for betting. The Lodha panel also suggested for a three- member selection committee, to which the BCCI had objections. The Board of Control for Cricket in India has finally had to pay for ignoring Supreme Court' s order by not implementing the Lodha Committee reforms as the board president Anurag Thakur and secretary Ajay Shirke have been sacked from their posts by the top court. A few of those recommendations were challenged by BCCI and then the apex court had a final word and set a deadline for the the board to implement the suggested reforms in its totality. ( Supreme Court to BCCI chief Anurag Thakur: Apologise or go to jail for perjury) The Supreme Court in its latest hearing threatened the BCCI president Anurag Thakur that he can land in serious trouble as the Supreme Court said he should go to jail over his attempt to obstruct justice following his approach to the ICC for writing to the Supreme Court for government intervention. SEPTEMBER 2016: PANEL MAKES PLEA TO REPLACE BCCI TOP BRASSLodha Committee asked the Supreme Court to direct the " immediate" supercession of the current BCCI top brass for blatant violations of the July 18 Supreme Court judgment directing them to implement the panel' s recommendations for transparency in cricket administration. They are wrong. You behave like lords. Fall in line or else we will make you. "
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar' s son Nishant is richer than him according to the details that have been made available by the chief minister himself on January 1, 2017. The chief minister along with his Cabinet ministers on first day of each year declare their assets, this year it was put online in public domain on Sunday.
The bike taxi or baxi service is intended to boost last- mile connectivity options as well. There are 17 conditions that have to be fulfilled in order to get a permit for registering a bike taxi according to the officials.   " The tariffs are fixed at 8. 60p/ 1st km and 8.
He said Mulayam was still the national president of the party and will remain so. I have always been with Netaji, will always be till my last breath, " Shivpal said. Watch the video here
Will Sourav Ganguly take over? ) Lodha, speaking to India Today, said he was happy and reiterated that there could have been no middle path in the implementation of the reforms after the Supreme Court had delivered an order. ( BCCI boss Anurag Thakur sacked. ( How BCCI lost control of cricket in India: A timeline) The two top BCCI officials were defiant and did not implement the Lodha reforms despite a clear order by the apex court. This was logical consequence. Even the cricket following public should now know what kind of darkness they were in.
deadly toxin? s worst fear? everybody? The insider threat, as we would call it, is real and it can be exploited and there are people trying to do that as we speak. The security minister Ben Wallace said there were reports of Isis using chemical weapons in Syria and Iraq, where it controls large areas, and that Moroccan authorities had apprehended a cell in February which was harbouring substances that could be used to make either a bomb or a ? ?
Moments after  party general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav announced Akhilesh Yadav as party' s national president and declared Mulayam Singh as the supreme guide or margdarshak of the party, the veteran leader shot back expelling Ram Gopal from the party for six years. The party' s founder leader has also called a party convention on January 5 in Janeshwar Mishra Park. twitter. com/ raHbQpaev7Watch the video here ALSO READ:
From Sajjad Hussain Islamabad, Dec 31 ( PTI) President Mamnoon Hussain today conferred Pakistans highest civilian honour Nishan- i- Imtiaz on Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee Gen Zubair Mahmood Hayat and Army chief Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa in recognition of their services. According to a statement by the President House, the President conferred Nishan- i- Imtiaz ( Military) on General Hayat and General Bajwa " in recognition of their services. "
Nagpur, Jan 1 ( PTI) Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said that Nagpur will become Wi- Fi enabled city by March 2017. Fadnavis was here to inaugurate the public Wi- Fi system under the Smart City project.
According to a mind- blowing revelation by the Mumbai police, names of Bollywood actors are used by the Mumbai underworld to refer to various key terms in the drug supplying and peddling business. The list is endless. The Mumbai underworld' s list of actors to connote different terms in the drug- dealing business includes: Ranveer Singh= PeddlerRanbir Kapoor= HostAlia Bhatt = CocaineKangana Ranaut = Afeem Initially, Mumbai police would be perplexed on hearing statements like " Sultan is always late" or " Sultan proved a box- office hit" over the phone.
Motivated by the massive success of his comedy show The Kapil Sharma Show, the comedian is all set to produce two new comedy shows in 2017. " Hope you will like. Also read: Kapil Sharma bags No.
Before that Mahamanya and Gatimaan Express were also launched. Tejas will be launched in 2017, " Prabhu said. New Delhi, Jan 1 ( PTI) Railways is looking to unveil new services in the new year as part of which passengers will be treated to cuisines curated by a celebrity chef coupled with ultra modern facilities to make it a world class journey. " Giving an example, Prabhu said, " When you plant a seed, you do not see the tree for three years.
A little- known bakery in Jalpaiguri district has made the cake, highlighting the most talked- about subject of 2016. Whoever bids the highest for the cake in the next 24 hours ( till 7 pm on Monday) will be the owner of this cake. " Through cakes, I wanted to highlight the present situation, " said a worker at the bakery. 20, 000" , said baker Anjana Saha.
65 million passengers, almost 10 million more than the previous year. Delhi? s Indira Gandhi International Airport ( IGIA) broke its own record of highest flight movements in one hour when it handled 82 flights in 60 minutes on November 16. ? The tower, which is among the tallest structure in Delhi, will give a 360- degree view of the airport to the controller and will eventually help in on time performance of the flight. Rao added.
I had told the police commissioner to promote personnel when it is due without any hesitation, ? inadequate? ? raining promotions? he said.
86 lakh accounts totaling to Rs 2, 000 crore. All these information received on Jan Dhan Accounts are being dissected. The inflow of funds in Jan Dhan accounts after the first two weeks was below Rs 5, 000 crore per week and thereafter it got reduced to about Rs 1, 000 crore per week, " the official said, adding that the deposits have come down significantly after the tax department warned people not to allow their accounts to be misused for converting black money into white. This, together with the total deposits of Rs 45, 637 crore as on November 9, takes the aggregate amount in Jan Dhan accounts to over Rs 87, 100 crore. "
Varanasi, Dec 30 ( PTI) The Income- Tax department has exposed a Kolkata- based bogus firm and seized unaccounted cash worth Rs 1. The money was deposited at Chowk branch of Axis bank in the account of a Kolkata based firm Himadri Wincom Private Limited after the demonetisation move, said GR Nirwan, Assistant Director of IT ( investigation) . 78 crore out of total Rs 2. He claimed that he had already quit the firm a year ago and had not deposited the cash in the bank.
locality? . It has come to the notice of the department that some of these schools have issued the admission notice to start the admission process from January 2, 2017 in violation of the directions, ? ? said Ashok Pandey, principal, Ahlcon International School.
8 million in 2014- 15 to 9. Experts said the city will crawl at 5kmph in 10 years, the average speed at which a human walks. zero visibility? Capital chaos: Delhi? Read | ? Read | Wanted: Political will to pay price for clean airThe number of buses depleted from 4, 705 to 4, 352 during the period, despite the government? s air pollution.
Recently Salman had visited the BMC headquarters with Shiv Sena leader Aditya Thackeray. . The actor also pledged to donate mobile toilet vans to the civic body but Shiv Sena' s move has not gone down well with the party' s ally BJP. BJP QUESTIONS THE MOVE
New Delhi, Dec 30 ( PTI) India today slammed Pakistan for labelling certain Indian political parties and social organisations as terror outfits, calling it a " desperate attempt" at deflecting international focus from Islamabads complicity in " spawning" terrorist groups like LeT, JuD and JeM. External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Vikas Swarup said Pakistan Foreign Ministrys statement yesterday linking political parties and social organisations to terror was " absurd even by pakistans standards" .
Five prisoners escsaped from the highly secure Buxar Central Jail yesterday night, raising questions over security of jails in the country.
Accordingly, we will plan something. " We would love to show the live coverage of Modi' s speech at this point of time when people were standing in queues for the past two months, said Siddharth Kumar, culture manager at Social- Cafe and Bar. " So we would keep the option of screening it. 30 pm.
More recently, he has made major contributions to understanding the role of DNA- quadruplexes in cancer and invented a method for the sequencing of epigenetic modifications, " his citation reads. Olympic stars Andy Murray, Mo Farah and Jessica Ennis- Hill are among others honoured in the 2017 New Year Honours list, which also includes big names from the entertainment world, including actors Mark Rylance and Patricia Routledge. Rio 2016 mens tennis champion Murray and double gold- winning athlete Farah receive Knighthoods,  while heptathlete Ennis- Hill becomes a Dame.
" When can I meet you? Will Rs 3, 000 do? Sreelakshmi was shocked, but only for an hour. When the man' s father, an old man, went to meet Sreelakshmi to beg for forgiveness and to request her not to file an official complaint, she thought of an alternate way. He shared the screenshot of the conversation in a Whatsapp group where a man posted her number referring to her as a " super item" . 200 comments and 4, 500 likes.
He was produced before a court which remanded him in 14- day judicial custody. Here are the details:
Kohli, with 44. 83% of the votes. PV SINDHU ( 31. Paralympian Deepa Malik, wrestler Sakshi Malik and Paralympian Devendra Jhajharia completed the list of athletes. The 23- year- old from Rohtak became only the fourth woman athlete from India to win an Olympic medal as she earned the dramatic win after falling behind 0- 5 in the do- or- die bout. DEVENDRA JHAJHARIA ( 3. 61 meters.
A statement from Rashtrapati Bhavan said Mukherjee has approved the promulgation of the Specified Bank Notes ( Cessation of Liabilities) Ordinance, 2016, which was passed by the Union Cabinet on Wednesday. President Pranab Mukherjee has given his assent to the government' s Ordinance criminalising the holding of banned Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes. However, sources said a penalty of upto Rs 50, 000 would be imposed on those who hold more than ten of the banned notes.
The just- expelled Samajwadi Party MP and brother of Mulayam Singh Yadav, Ram Gopal Yadav has termed his and nephew Akhilesh Yadav' s expulsion from the party unconstitutional. Ram Gopal Yadav also said that calling a meeting of the National Convention by him was as per the party constitution and was inevitable as some of the people at the top " had been indulging in unconstitutional work" .
Counterfeit notes, which our intelligence agencies had reported to be available in high volumes with our enemies, have been instantly neutralised. In an exclusive - and his first since November 8 when he announced the banning of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes - interview to India Today magazine, Modi said demonetisation has forced all " black money out into the open" and claimed the decision was taken " not for some short- term windfall gain, but for a long- term structural transformation" . " Our objective clearly was to clean our economy and society of the menace of black money, purging the distrust, artificial pressures and other ills that came with it, " he said. On stands now.
His wife, Dharna Goel, who is CEO of Ringing Bells, has also resigned. But Ringing Bells is not ( apparently) shutting shop. " Anmol and Mohit are brothers. As of the Freedom 251 itself, the company claims that it has so far delivered around 70, 000 units of the Rs 251 smartphone, and will continue to do so, albeit a little differently. " That should explain why ringingbells. Again, we have reached out to the company for a little more clarity and will update the piece as and when we get a response.
What really happened inside the cockpit? After the daunting incident of a Jet Airways flight - - 9W 2374 - - veering off the runaway on Tuesday, social media users and media houses were quick to criticise the pilot for creating unsafe situations for the passengers. And he did.
increased by 8. s 1. 97 lakh this year. As many as 5, 250 more vehicles were stolen this year than the last year, taking total such cases to 36, 137. s death: 5 crimes that foxed Delhi in 2016The numbers of murders too decreased from 530 to 490 cases this year, but a few sensational murders kept the police on their toes. said an officer. ?
Deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia? An office staff member came early morning and spotted that the door had been forced open. If the camp office of deputy CM cannot be secured, how will the common man in the national capital feel safe. ? said deputy commissioner of police ( east) Omvir Singh. Singh said.
She was able to conceive after undergoing in vitro fertilisation overseas. From K J M Varma   Beijing, Dec 30 ( PTI) A 64- year- old woman in China is believed to have become the oldest mother in the country to give birth to a baby. Were keeping a close eye on the mother because women of this age can encounter cardiac failure and uncontrollable bleeding during or after a C- section, which are very dangerous, " Teng said. But shes very strong. She said the baby is in good condition.
About 50 Congress workers in Mumbai got a tattoo on their hand which reads " huamara pradhan mantri rishwatkhor hain. " It is our way to protest against PM who is still silent on such serious charges, " said Sanjay Nirupam, Mumbai Congress Chief. Rahul asked him about the money that he received from big business houses but PM does not want to answer and thus we have decided on these temporary tattoos. Sources within Mumbai Congress said that they will lead its BMC poll campaign from new year targeting government on the issue of demonetisation.
New Delhi, Dec 29 ( PTI) RBIs newly appointed Deputy Governor Viral Acharya, a noted economist, today said he will give his best in the new role. " The existing three Deputy Governors are S S Mundra, N S Vishwanathan and R Gandhi. Currently, Acharya is serving as C V Starr Professor of Economics, Department of Finance at the New York University- Stern School of Business. Acharya has often praised Rajan for his work and once said " Raghu has been a great source of inspiration for me" .
Bansal? He along with his son committed suicide leaving an alleged note which mentioned that his family was being tortured by the agency investigators. BK Bansal, a senior bureaucrat in the corporate ministry, was being probed by the CBI on the charges of seeking and accepting bribe. ? said the CBI official.
It is a scam and an uncalled move. Development has come to a standstill. Attacking Modi, who is set to address the nation after end of the 50- day period he had sought from the people to ease their problems due to cash crunch, Congress chief spokesperson Randeep Surjewala said that the Prime Minister is good at making announcements that are far from reality. " After announcing demonetisation last month, at least 10 crore people have been rendered jobless, " he claimed. Afzal said the Congress party also demands that 18 per cent interest be paid to the people on the money they have deposited in the banks.
All geared up for the New Year, Tourism Authority of Thailand ( TAT) expects to commence its celebrations with an increased number of international travellers. The estimated numbers are likely to generate tourism revenue of about THB 55. 5 billion, up by 12 per cent from last year.
Officers of the Central Crime Station ( CCS) Hyderabad today arrested director of Musaddilal Jewellers Private Limited Kailash Chand Gupta for allegedly selling gold worth Rs 100 crore to fictitious customers.
Twinkle Khanna' s wit and good looks catapult her to the top of the list of any man' s ideal woman. When she and hubby Akshay Kumar were guests on this season of Koffee With Karan, not only did Karan Johar reveal that he had a crush on Twinkle during their school days, but it was also revealed that Akshay fell in love with her even though their relationship only started out as a fling.
ALSO WATCH: A CASE OF NEPOTISM? The letter, which has been forwarded from Delhi government after getting direction from LG office, has cited several reasons for the investigation in the matter of Soumya' s appointment by the CBI. Forwarding letter to the CBI mentions that Soumya Jain was appointed as Advisor to the Mission Director, State Health Mission, Department of Health and Family Welfare, Government of NCT of Delhi, to look health sector reforms with retrospective effect from 18th April 2016, in response to her application made on 1st April 2016. 15 lakhs was spent on her tour and training. It says that since an Advisor can influence decision of government with consequential bearing on finances and hence the selection process needs to be neutral.
A man was arrested by the Amboli Police for giving an advertisement in a Marathi newspaper for converting black money into white on a minimal commission basis. According to the FIR accessed by India Today, the advertisement read, ' We will change your old notes i. e. Rs 500 and Rs 1000. Everything will be done at your doorstep' .
( Scorecard) Skipper Smith cut Sohail for three runs past point to bring up his century from 168 balls in the 49th Test of his career. Interestingly, this was Smith' s third consecutive Boxing Day Test hundred.
traffic conflict situation? E2? While acknowledging that an air traffic controller mixed the locations of the two flights, AAI ( Airports Authority of India) on Wednesday also said SpiceJet flight did not question the incomplete ATC instruction for taxiing, adding that these human errors resulted in ? for departure. ? it said.
Money from community feasts ( bhandara) used to be a major source of donations as one such feast would get us between Rs3, 000 and Rs5, 000. said Arvind Pandey, temple priest at Balaji Temple. ? he said.
He added that it was strange that neither the health minister nor the health secretary gave any information about the treatment given to her unlike what happened when MGR was sick. The Madras High Court today expressed its doubts over the December 5 demise of J Jayalalithaa, saying the death was sudden and there was no medical report submitted of her long illness. " AIADMK WORKER FILED PETITIONThe petition was filed by Joseph, an AIADMK worker. AMMA LOYALIST ALLEGES MURDERJayalalithaa loyalist Shihan Hussaini has alleged that she was killed.
5 crore, of which Rs 2. With Tandon? 13. The two cases involving Tandon and Reddy are being probed by at least four lead agencies of the country including the ED, I- T department, CBI and Delhi Police. ?
You are eligible to get a Reliance Jio SIM along with Jio Happy New Year Offer, delivered and activated at your home without any cost, provided you have a local valid Aadhar Card, " reads the mailer. Those who received the email can enter details and time when and where they want the SIM to be delivered. While this sounds like a good deal, we do not know how Snapdeal is going to decide who is a premium customer and who is not. Also read: Jio Welcome Offer vs Happy New Year Offer: Here is what changed after Dec 3
The manager of the Kotak Mahindra Bank branch on Kasturba Gandhi Marg was remanded in five- day custody of the Enforcement Directorate today by a Delhi district court in Saket. The bank branch came under the Income Tax department scanner in connection with two suspicious accounts. ALSO READ: Delhi: 9 fake Kotak Mahindra Bank accounts with cash worth Rs 34 crore seizedÂ
But honestly it is also true that we have struggled to find two good openers for the past two years. Prithvi who first made news, aged 14, scoring a record individual score of 546 in the famed Harris Shield, made 191 runs from five matches as an opener in Asia Cup for India U- 19. Rege did add that having had a word with Dravid convinced the selectors to pick Prithvi. " So we want to try him out. He is a very organized player.
FULL LISTAddressing party workers in SP headquarters at Lucknow on Wednesday, Mulayam said, " I have already said that there will be no alliance with anyone. " LATEST UPDATES : Watch the video here: ALSO READ:
The 29- year- old woman, who works in a software company, is also seeking divorce from her transvestite husband. ' He behaves like a woman. ' He loves wearing sari and using my make- up and accessories to dress up like a woman at night, ' ' Anitha told The Times of India. ' Anitha finally decided to seek divorce to put an end to her marriage after she realised that her husband was only interested in having " lesbian sex" with her.
On the one hand, everyone went gaga over the li' l cutie' s pictures, but on the other, trolled Saif and Kareena for giving their son a name that also happens to be the name of a barbaric invader who slaughtered millions of Indians. ALSO READ: Rishi Kapoor slams Twitter trolls on Taimur, says mind your bloody business
1, 000 currency notes. After our online system of seeking appointments at Motor Licensing Offices ( MLOs) and payments was streamlined, the number of applications has increased to more than 700 in a single day, ? ? There are times when we have to do multiple transactions as the rush increases during certain seasons. open for now. he said.
DoSomething. Other charitable A- listers according to DoSomething. Joining the four stars were Shailene Woodley, John Cena, Miley Cyrus, Lady Gaga, Zendaya Coleman and Jesse Williams. org has released their annual Celebs Gone Good list, which the singer tops thanks to her efforts to support various important causes in the past year, reports aceshowbiz.
Such castes include the Jats and Bishnois, among many others. After the Rajasthan High Court struck down the move to bring five castes, including Gujjars, under the Special Backward Castes ( SBC) category, the Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakashan Sangharsh Samiti has begun to demand that a separate reservation of 5 per cent be created for the nomadic castes within the Other Backward Classes ( OBC) , thus abiding with the total cap of 50 per cent on reservation. That included 21 per cent for OBCs, 16 per cent for Scheduled Castes and 12 per cent for Scheduled Tribes. GUJJARS FEEL GOVERNMENT HAS NOT KEPT PROMISEThe representative Gujjars, who have witnessed several violent agitations in the past, feel that the government has so far not fulfilled its promise of ensuring Amendment to the 9th Schedule to bring in the requisite changes. In May 2015, members of the Gujjar community began agitating in Bharatpur by once again blocking railway tracks.
The AIADMK headquarters at Chennai witnessed violence on Wednesday over filing of nomination for the party' s most powerful post of general secretary.
| ? The gang was later arrested on the complaint of a US- based woman who had reported the theft of his jewellery and other valuables while travelling to Gurgaon in the Metro. A detailed inquiry has been ordered and more action will be taken if we find involvement of other staff too, ? said a senior Delhi police official. The six women pickpockets were arrested on December 13 and jewellery worth R 22 lakh was recovered from them. ? the official said.
A murder case was registered on Saturday, over five months after police said Sarvanan Ganeshan had committed suicide by injecting a medicine in his right arm. Doctors said he could not have possibly placed the cannula on the spot on which it was found. a police source said. Police said Ganeshan? ? Ganeshan?
KEY EXCERPTS: IAF' s fighter planes: The teeth of any air force is in its fighter planes. We had about 30 targets which look like the An32 debris. 5km from the surface. Disaster response: We thought we may or may not fight a conventional war but we have to be there to serve our people. We have taken up with the government a case to procure such beacons. Though many from the press corps disagreed, it made for a candid interaction with the man who has been at the helm of not just the IAF for three full years but also was the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee ( COSC) , the apex tri- service body for nearly 29 months. We should go about our task. Military diplomacy: We' ve done well.
A 66- year- old from South West Delhi? he is tired of life. ? s Dwarka Sector 22 allegedly committed suicide on Tuesday and in a note requested his organs be donated to All India Institute of Medical Sciences.
Azhar Ali on Wednesday became the first Pakistan batsman to make more than one double century in a year as he slammed 205 not out helping the visitors declare their first innings at 443/ 9 against Australia in the ongoing second Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Spectators gave him a standing ovation and batting partner Wahab Riaz jogged over to embrace him. Azhar 205 off 364 balls broke the 44- year- old record when he surpassed Majid Khan' s 158.
85 lakh. s outskirts. ? On October 1, the outer Delhi police busted the racket and arrested one Naresh Kumar with R40, 000 in fake coins minted at a factory on the city? said Yadav. Read: Building where fake coins were made was out of bounds for everyoneSon of an ex- Navy personnel, Sweekar told his interrogators that he took to crime in 1993- 94 with snatching but was arrested soon. s role, ?
disrupting? The university had claimed that some protesting students entered the meeting hall after ? There is sufficient evidence in form of the statement by the security guards, who tried to stop the students. Association ( BAPSA) and the National Students? ? unilateral call? union said.
Pakistan' s powerful intelligence agency, Inter- Services Intelligence or ISI, is planning to open new fronts to launch attacks in India. Here are the revelations:
Telugu Desam Party legislator Jaleel Khan, who represents Vijayawada west constituency, graduated in B. Com. LAUGHABLE DEFENCEOn being asked about his degree, his defence of his qualifications was as laughable. " Also read | Cancellation of ex- Delhi Law ministers degree recommendedSurprised at the lawmaker' s answer, the interviewer tried to reconfirm but the confident MLA said that he indeed graduated in Commerce, but had Physics and Mathematics as subjects. PREVIOUS INSTANCES
In a big airport cash haul, new currency worth Rs 25 lakh in Rs 2, 000 denomination notes was seized from a Dubai- bound passenger at the city international airport.
Quashing his detention under the Public Safety Act ( PSA) , the Jammu and Kashmir High Court has directed the state government to immediately release separatist leader Masarat Alam Bhat from preventive custody.
60 points, respectively. Tested on parameters such as curriculum, teaching learning, evaluation, faculty research, infrastructure, learning resources, governance and student services, only three out of the 62 colleges secured the second grade of A+ . ? 31Gargi College3. Shri Ram College of Commerce ( SRCC) , Lady Shri Ram College for Women ( LSR) and Hindu College have scored 3. s College. 30* St Stephen?
s Najafgarh area ? According to sources, Gupta, who had confessed to having shot Simran out of jealousy, changed his statement on Sunday and told the police that the girl turned the pistol and shot herself. ? He has reportedly been giving different versions of what happened that day to to the police for the past two days. a police source said. he added.
s Mahendra Park on Sunday night. The men, both accused in a murder case and had been absconding, stopped Jeet, snatched the groceries and before he could react, shot at him. ? a police officer said. he said. A?
As soon as Dikshit stepped out of the vehicle, four men, armed with a country made pistol surrounded him and asked the family to hand over the cash and valuables, ? said Subodh Kumar, SHO, Jewar police station. ? As soon as Dikshit stepped out of the vehicle, four men, armed with a country made pistol surrounded him and asked the family to hand over the cash and valuables, ? said Kumar.
Hitting out at Sports Minister Vijay Goel for expressing shock over his appointment, Chautala, who served as the president of the IOA from 2012 to 2014,   said it was because of his policies that India won medals at various international events. He has also served nine- month jail term. We are shocked at the resolution passed by IOA to make Suresh Kalmadi and Abhay Chautala life presidents. As life presidents, Kalmadi and Chautala will not have the voting rights but the top IOA functionaries saw this as an opportunity to reward the two bigwigs who still are capable to pulling the strings in the body.
All three are residents of trans- Yamuna localities and were previously involved in similar crimes. The crime took place around 2. Police said the robbers had looted Rs 10 lakh from the cash van that had reached outside the ATM outlet to replenish cash in the ATM machine. Police said, Abdul Kadir, a cash custodian from the bank, took out a bag full of money from the van and was walking towards the ATM when three men on a bike snatched it from him. Police said the robbers were on a Bajaj Pulsar bike.
? The university is also assessing how to strengthen infrastructure for online admissions and preparations of entrance tests, with focus on evolving a ? s one- stop market Patel Chest? Manoj Khanna, convener of the DU admission committee, said: ? student friendly?
Gautamiputra Satakarni audio launch happened in Tirupati today. I need to thank her for being in my life and I love her. " Ever since the release of the first look posters, Gautamiputra Satakarni has created a wave among the Telugu circuit as the film also marks Balakrishna' s 100th film. The film also stars Shriya Saran, Hema Malini and Kabir Bedi in lead roles and the music is composed by Devi Sri Prasad.
To help the government in easing the suffering of the people post demonetisation, Air India accommodated over 16, 274 kgs of currency notes on 17 of its aircrafts from November 10 till December 12, for distribution to the remote northeastern destinations like Agartala, Aizawl, Imphal, Bagdogra and Port Blair. The effort of the Air India has brought great relief to the people in those states.
As India is still on its way to come to terms with Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s demonetisation policy, the new Aamir Khan film Dangal has come across as a breath of fresh air for all Indians. ? # Amul Topical : Bollywoodâ? pic.
With the inception of ' Wall of Kindness' also known as ' Neki ki Diwar' , life seems easier for those who spend their nights on the pavements in this shivering cold winter. The initiative goes by the motto ' ' Leave if you do not need. '
Also read: Watch: Priyanka Chopra totally slayed it at the Global Citizen Festival in NYC Also read: Emmy Awards: Priyanka Chopra is red carpet perfection in this red gown It is hard to believe but Priyanka' s team hand- stitched the dress on to her, and the outfit would have completely come off had she stepped on her dress. " The stars aligned in 2016. The actress however, clearing the air, said, " I have not moved to America, Mumbai is my home. " Also read: These pics prove Priyanka Chopra is the hot favourite cover girl for international magazines right now
Mumbai, Dec 26 ( PTI) Taking a dig at NCP president Sharad Pawar, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis today said those who harbour ambitions to become prime minister never get the top job. " Had. As suggested by one of the students, " we would be pleased to recruit IITians to work for the government, " he said. .
Also read | Raids end at Tamil Nadu Chief Secretary' s house, office; Rs 30 lakh cash, 5 kg gold recoveredBalasubramanian was a former leader of GK Vasan' s Tamil Manila Congress, who later joined AIADMK after assembly elections and became a Rajya Sabha MP from the party. Balasubramanian said that the I- T department could have obtained all assistance from the state police for the raids but deploying CRPF for protection had given the impression that the state' s police force was unreliable.
s Mundka and Kirari areas. He and five other children have moved the National Green Tribunal, which has sent notices to the Centre and the Delhi government on the alarming levels of air pollution caused by industries in West Delhi. Our area is excessively polluted. the plea, filed through advocates Rahul Choudhary and Meera Gopal, said. I easily get breathless when I go out to play, especially during winter months. ? Khan said.
blank calls? by mistake? ( India? In the last couple of weeks, we have looked into the details of these calls and made a list of 67 callers who dialled the numbers four or more times. 112? and ? he added.
Ganga New Delhi, Dec 26 ( PTI) The Narendra Modi- government is planning to penalise those found guilty of polluting the Ganga river, in a first of its kind bill which aims to ensure cleanliness and uninterrupted flow of the river. The Minister added that she has been requesting the committee to submit its report for the Ganga act at the earliest so that the law could be implemented. The Union Water Resources Ministry is the nodal agency in charge of implementing the Rs 20, 000- crore for NMCG by 2022.
The process is a simple, one- pot synthesis. Its almost as if the diamondoids know where they want to go, " said Yan. The needle- like wires have a semiconducting core - a combination of copper and sulphur known as a chalcogenide - surrounded by the attached diamondoids, which form an insulating shell. Although there are other ways to get materials to self- assemble, this is the first one shown to make a nanowire with a solid, crystalline core that has good electronic properties, said Nicholas Melosh, from the US Department of Energys SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. By grabbing various types of atoms and putting them together LEGO- style, the new technique could potentially be used to build tiny wires for a wide range of applications, including optoelectronic devices that employ both electricity and light and superconducting materials that conduct electricity without any loss. "
s Shastri Park. ? the spokesperson said. There are retention areas ( waterbody/ lake) to capture the run- off from lawns and other open areas. From iron scraps to discarded sheets, broken pipes and tiles - Delhi Metro has used all kinds of waste to develop a park in east Delhi? ( HT? he added.
Day after the Enforcement Directorate detected over Rs 104 crore in an account linked to Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) and around Rs 1. 5 crore in the account of Mayawati' s brother, the party chief hit back today, accusing the BJP of misusing the state machinery to malign the party.
In a recent interview to an independent YouTube channel, Suraaj went on the record saying that heroines are bound to act in glamorous roles as they receive ' remuneration' for that. SEE PIC- Kajal Aggarwal wishes fans on Christmas with this cute photoALSO READ: Allu Arjun' s daughter' s name is Allu ArhaALSO READ: Kaththi Sandai review- 2016' s worst filmNow, the Kaththi Sandai director issued an official statement apologising to Tamannaah and other heroines in the industry. Will he dare to speak such things about working women in his family? " pic.
Both the passenger jets came face- to- face. HERE' S WHAT WE KNOW SO FAR:  " SpiceJet flight SG 123 operating Delhi- Hyderabad was following ATC instructions at all times at the Delhi airport. According to reports, an Indigo flight was headed towards taxiway after landing just when a SpiceJet aircraft was preparing for takeoff. Few guests have sustained minor injuries during the evacuation process and medical assistance is being coordinated by the Jet Airways team and the airport authorities, " the airlines said in an official statement.
75 year old Yadireddy hailing from Nalgonda district of Telangan had came to Vijayawada as teenager. But for past few years, as he turned old, he started begging on the city streets. A THANK TOY GESTURE TO GOD
Cairo, Dec 26 ( PTI) In a " stunning" discovery, archaeologists have found compelling evidence of new pharaonic tombs behind a 4, 200- year- old wall unearthed in Egypt. Owing to the landscape of Qubbet el- Hawa, the support wall helped to secure the hillside, and thus lower lying tombs, which were accessible by a causeway leading to a second terrace, according to the archaeological mission directed by Dr Martin Bommas of the University of Birmingham in the UK. " I dont think anyone yet knows who the tombs might have belonged to, " Graves said.
Media reports claimed on Sunday that PayPal is expected to take a significant stake in FreeCharge for around $ 200 million. " There is no such discussion/ proposal and the story is completely incorrect, " a FreeCharge spokesperson said in a statement on Monday. Also Read: Demonetisation: Now pay traffic challan using FreeCharge The number of people downloading the Freecharge app, registrations for mobile wallet, transactions on third party merchants - - are all growing by 10- 15 times on a per day average basis, Bahl added.
The country also witnessed 25, 800 dowry deaths between 2013 and 2015. Taking in view the rise in attacks against women across the country, the Modi government has decided to augment capacity of states in investigation of crimes like rape, acid attack, dowry death and human trafficking by setting up 200 special investigating units after identifying the " most crime- prone districts" . They will also provide the additional functionalities of proactive policing, intelligence gathering, tackling organised crime, monitoring proper implementation of legislative provisions, help in awareness generation and social participation in crimes against women.
Leicester City? s owners have given out around 30, 000 Jamie Vardy masks to supporters before their home game against Everton on Monday in protest against the striker? unfair?
An official present at the meeting also said that Kutty asked secretaries of every department to take action against habitual late- comers. he said. ? He has also served in the unified Municipal Corporation of Delhi and was part of a panel that worked on the trifurcation. s various departments.
Ahmedabad, Dec 25 ( PTI) Nine Nobel Prize winners, including Indian- born scientist Venkatraman Ramakrishnan, have confirmed their participation in the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, where they will interact with students and industry leaders. " So far, nine Nobel laureates have confirmed their participation for the summit, " Gujarat Chief Secretary J N Singh said at a press conference here today. This event at Mahatma Mandir will consist of two panel discussions, one about importance of innovation and another about role of science in uplifting society. On January 10, PM Modi will inaugurate the summit.
Cracks seem to have appeared in the opposition' s concerted campaign against demonetisation as several parties have pulled out of a joint press conference called by the Congress in New Delhi on Tuesday over the contentious issue. Many important partners of the anti- demonetisation campaign, such as Janata Dal- United ( JD- U) , the Left, Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) and Samajwadi Party ( SP) , on Monday refused to attend the joint press conference scheduled to be held at the Constitution Club in the national capital.
Late in the evening at the busy SR Nagar police station in Hyderabad, a boy stepped in with an unusual complaint. When the staff was about to wind up the day' s work, they found themselves in a fix after listening to the boy' s complaint. After receiving the complaint from the boy, the parents of the young lad were identified and soon called to the police station. "
A team from the Ritsumeikan University in Japan worked on the diaper for about five years, with the aim of caring for ageing patients suffering from urinary incontinence. They first developed a urine sensor too rigid to embed into a diaper. Flexible embeddable battery and sensor contain a chemical potentially unsafe for humans and their charging times varied.
The Punjab government ( his state government) should provide us with jobs. ( India hammer Belgium 2- 1 to clinch second Junior Hockey World Cup title) Retorting to the players' plea, ONGC coach Sandeep Sangwan said, " We are looking into it ( trying to get job for players) . Gurjant added: " We need some security as if we pick up an injury here today ( in the Beighton Cup) who will take care of us? We are thinking of giving them jobs. " On the historic World Cup win, Vikramjeet Singh, another member of the team, said beating Australia in the semi- finals was the toughest. "
Eight public libraries, construction of which were decided in mohalla sabhas in Karawal Nagar assembly constituency on a pilot basis last fiscal ( 2015- 16) , will be inaugurated on Sunday. said a senior revenue department official. Officials say that the constitution of mohalla sabhas and creating a project management unit under it are yet to get approval from the Lieutenant Governor. ? said Mishra.
Bharatiya Janata Party' s Aligarh mayor Shakuntala Bharti while delivering speech on the the eve of celebrations of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee' s birthday, referred him as " deceased" . Also read: PM Modi, Rajnath Singh, Amit Shah sing Vajpayee' s praises on his birthdayThe incident took place during an event organised to celebrate the 155th birth anniversary of Madan Mohan Malviya and Vajpayee' s 92nd birthday.
Embarrassed by her own party' s tweet on Sahara diary, which lists payments to several politicians, Congress leader and former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit is not ready to offer any comment on record. Sheila Dikshit told Aaj Tak that she would not speak anything about Congress party' s tweet onÂ  ' Sahara diary' but insisted that she had ' nothing to do with the case, please do not drag my name in this. '
education? a government official said. ? The selection has not been easy for the Capital as the government for the first time had tasked the Department of Arts and Culture and the Sahitya Kala Parishad to finalise the concept for the tableau. tourism minister Kapil Mishra said. Mishra added.
This 12- minute item was chosen for this years group dance at the event. The " Maha Brunda Natyam" ( grand group dance) was organised as part of the 5th International Kuchipudi Dance Convention organised by the state Department of Language and Culture. " Dancers from across the country as also from countries like US, UAE, UK, Russia, Hong Kong and Mauritius took part in it.
Just 14 months after Yoga was declared as a sport in India, the decision has now been reversed. For any sport to be added into the priority list, it should be part of Olympics, Asian Games or Commonwealth Games but for Yoga, an exception was made.
Beijing, Dec 26 ( PTI) German automaker BMW will recall 1, 93, 611 cars in China over a defect in their airbags, a quality watchdog here said today.
5micrometer ( PM2. the highest recordable? severe? s champs: Sportsmen, fitness freaks at greater riskThe proposal says there should be a complete ban on the burning of waste, brink kilns operating in and around the city will be shut and parking rates will be hiked by at least four times. ? Read: Pollution beats Delhi? red alert?
Nino parish church in Midsayap town, North Cotabato. DETAILS STILL " SKETCHY" One police officer was wounded because he was standing near a patrol car where the grenade exploded, about 30 meters from the church entrance, Tayong said. People hurriedly left the Church. " There was no more concluding prayers as there was a commotion, " Virador said. "
Six raids were made over the past two weeks to nab them, ? RP Upadhyay, joint commissioner of police ( southeastern range) , said that Sajid was the main accused in the gang rape case and was absconding since the FIR was registered. said Upadhyay. s hip. s role in the firing, though they believe that he was not present at the spot when the woman was shot at. ? added Baaniya.
Bhopal, Dec 25 ( PTI) Dinanath Bhargava, a co- artist in the team that sketched the national emblem Lion Capital of Ashoka and decorated the pages of the Constitutions manuscript, died at the age of 89 in Indore yesterday. Bhargava was suffering from cardiac ailments since past decade, family sources said.
The prestigious Maulana Azad National Urdu University, Hyderabad will confer a honorary doctorate to the actor on Monday. Fans lovingly call him the Baadshah of Bollywood, King Khan and many other names but now Shah Rukh Khan will be called Dr Shah Rukh Khan. President Pranab Mukherjee will be the chief guest of the function where both the prominent personalities will get the doctorate.
Bhubaneswar, Dec 25 ( PTI) Internationally acclaimed sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik today said that creation of 1, 000 sand sculptures of Santa Claus by him and his students at Puri sea beach on the eve of Christmas has become a record to feature in Limca Book of Records. The Santa festival started at Puri yesterday evening and will continue till January 1, he said.
Theeeee girl ganggggggð? Merry xmas ð? PHOTOS: Kareena returns home after delivery, poses with Saif and li' l Taimur ALSO READ: Rishi Kapoor slams Twitter trolls on Taimur, says mind your bloody businessALSO READ: Twitter is obsessed with Kareena' s son Taimur and Shahid' s daughter MishaSaif and Kareena hosted a grand Christmas bash at their place last night, celebrating the festival as well as the birth of Taimur. ? ·ð? . @ Instantbollywood â? ¤ â?
Los Angeles, Dec 25 ( PTI) Actress Priyanka Chopra says she has no issues about being considered a sex symbol as she considers it as part of her profession. The 34- year- old actress however said that being hot has never been her aim, reported Entertainment Weekly.
New Delhi, Dec 25 ( PTI) Regional Transport Offices in the national capital are set to go cashless from January when fees for all services including driving licence, auto permit and fitness certificate can be paid electronically. There are 14 zonal offices of the Transport Department in the city. The official said that the move would ensure hassle- free services for the people of Delhi.
Pakistan Railways is running a special ' Santa Train' to send out the message of interfaith harmony, peace and tolerance this Christmas. The Christmas- themed train decorated with lights and mock snowmen will be running across Pakistan and the government aims to change mindsets in the country where attacks on religious minorities are a regular affair.
From Anisur Rahman Dhaka, Dec 24 ( PTI) A woman and a teenage boy today blew themselves up in the national capital when Bangladesh polices elite counter- terrorism unit raided their three- storey building where heavily- armed militants, belonging to an Islamist group blamed for the deadly cafe attack, were hiding. A minor girl, who suffered splinter injuries when the woman killed herself, has been taken to the hospital. Law enforcers lobbed several rounds of tear gas canisters targeting the building after the blast, reports our staff correspondent covering the raid from the spot.
The dream of cashless economy is a bigger one than achche din. . It is for the government to see how it will work out the losses to the GDP but it is a fact the people had to face hardships and I have said earlier too that the government which pose problems are voted out by people, " he said, adding that in the coming elections those who had faced problems will stand against them. Lucknow, Dec 24 ( PTI) Taking a dig at Narendra Modis demonetisation move, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav termed cashless economy as a " bigger dream" than achche din and said the note ban will be an issue in the upcoming Assembly elections in the state. "
The CBI on Friday raided 11 places in Maharashtra in connection with the black money case of Vaidyanath Cooperative Urban Bank worth Rs 25 crore.
1. 3. " Asking the regulators and taxmen to think about the contribution of market participants to the exchequer, Modi said, " The low contribution of taxes may be due to the structure of our tax laws. 3 per cent in taxes. 4. 1 per cent on all delivery trades in the cash market, and at 0.
Together, they will embark on a nationwide ' Digitally Safe Consumer' campaign, to help better protect consumer interest online, Google India announced on Saturday. " Google and its partner agencies will " work towards advocating digital security and privacy needs through ' Digital Literacy, Safety & Security' workshops through a ' Train the Trainer' model for approximately 500 people including 250 consumer organisations across the country, " the company said in a press statement. This initiative will add to our existing campaigns guiding users to navigate the web and manage their digital lives safely and leverage the web to the fullest, " Chetan Krishnaswamy, who is country head, Public Policy at Google India said.
The National Drug Pricing Regulator has also fixed the retail prices of 29 formulations. " 12. New Delhi, Dec 23 ( PTI) Prices of over 50 essential drugs including those used for treatment of HIV infection, diabetes, anxiety disorders, bacterial infections, angina and acid reflux have been capped by the government, leading to a price cut in the range of 5 per cent to 44 per cent.
New Delhi, Dec 24 ( PTI) Two fliers, allegedly carrying nearly 16 kg gold, have been held at the Mumbai airport after they took a flight from the Indira Gandhi International Aiport ( IGIA) here.
MOVIE REVIEW: Dangal ALSO READ: Aamir Khan' s Dangal is not a typical formulaic film, but has enough masala to please allALSO READ: Dangal is a better film than Sultan, says Salman KhanThe user, whose profile claims that he is a resident of Dubai, even changed his cover photo to one announcing the link to the Facebook video of the full movie that was uploaded by him. The video has now been deleted due to copyright issues, but when last seen, had over 8, 33, 000 views.
The government? ? chakka jam? said sources. sources said. s move is a change of stance as it had earlier allowed the already employed guest teachers to continue in the last two years.
Dr Barbara Jatta, presently the Deputy Director of the museums, will reportedly assume office on January 1, 2017. The top administrative positions at the ancient Vatican Museums, are generally dominated by bishops and cardinals, but Jatta' s recent appointment as the director seems like a ray of hope for women everywhere. com.
Earlier, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about demonetisation and his government' s resolve to make India a developed country in a span of one generation at a function in Raigadh, Maharashtra. READ| Demonetisation is economic robbery: Rahul Gandhi
s lieutenant governor. Many believe Jung? s administration. s unique position: a Union territory functioning as the Capital with the elected government having negligible say over important departments and agencies. Read | Najeeb Jung?
? Police said out of the four, two had valid air tickets to travel to a foreign location which they cancelled last moment while the other two had allegedly faked their tickets to gain entry into the terminal area. they said. Entering the secured airport terminal using fake travel documents is a criminal offence under law.
The police have arrested two people who opened nine accounts in the Naya Bazar branch of Kotak Mahindra Bank, in which they deposited R34 crore in scrapped banknotes. said Yadav. Investigation into the source of these cheques led the police to Rajkumar Goel, who is based in Chandni Chowk area, ? ? Goel? said Rohit Rao, spokesperson, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
Also Read: Donald Trump picks ' Death by China' author for trade advisory roleSeeing his inauguration event running into a tunnel without a light at the end, an evidently- miffed Trump( like always) took to Twitter and wrote, " The so- called " A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. Singer Idina Menzel made her annoyance with Trump apparent and told Vanity Fair, " I mean, look: All the artists in the world got up and tried to get our girl [ Hillary Clinton] elected, and it still did not happen, so we are all still trying to recover from that. " Also we ALL know you are dying without the approval, dear, " she wrote. Hi- - we are people. You are our president too.
willfully concealed? . Metropolitan Magistrate Ashish Gupta granted the relief to Kejriwal, who appeared in court in pursuance to its direction, on a personal bond of Rs 10, 000 and posted the matter for next hearing on April 7, 2017. sufficient ground? suppressed?
Meanwhile, the principal of a middle school in central Chinas Henan Province has been suspended from duty in Linzhou City for defying the orders to close all kindergartens and schools in the city following red alert for air pollution. The PM 2. 5 density in the capital remained at high levels today.
s Jamia Nagar on Friday morning. In Friday? 45 am. ? It is very shocking that in the capital of this country a 15- year girl was gang- raped and then the accused in this case had the audacity to attack her again after 10- 15 days of the incident. said Maliwal.
cowardly terrorist act? 13pm GMT 16: 13  Tunisia? 56pm GMT   4. s crazy that two ordinary officers should be put at risk and finding themselves having to deal with a terrorist wanted by half of Europe. Updated at 4. 51pm GMT 15: 51  French authorities are refusing to comment on how the Berlin attack suspect apparently crossed into France and left again in the face of an international manhunt, AP reports: Milan police chief Antonio de Iesu said earlier that Anis Amri had ? Netter Zufall. 46pm GMT 14: 46  Stephanie KirchgaessnerAfter he was approached by police, Amri told the officers that he did not have documents and that he was from Calabria, according to a report in La Repubblica. 4. 15pm GMT   2. Updated at 3. com/ 3eOcCzGSno  2. ?
The 25- year- old midfielder will join the Chinese Super League side at the beginning of the January transfer window after four and a half years at Stamford Bridge. danger? ? You must be very proud to play in this league. I think it?
Sadhus/ Sanyasis can apply for a passport with the name of their spiritual Guru mentioned in the passport application in lieu of their biological parent( s) name( s) subject to their providing of at least one public document such as Election Photo Identity Card ( EPIC) issued by the Election Commission of India, PAN card, Adhar Card, etc wherein the name of the Guru has been recorded against the column( s) for parent( s) name( s) , " a ministry statement released today. LATEST UPDATES1. 2.
Asked why Jung quit, Kejriwal said, ? Najeeb Jung called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday, a day after springing a surprise by tendering resignation as Delhi? s sudden resignation from the post. Sources close to Jung had said on Thursday his resignation has nothing to do with his acrimonious relationship with the AAP government over matters of jurisdiction and he was contemplating to quit for last few months. ? s resignation broke. We had a very good chat.
This will send a message to the token vendor or the customer care operator, who will then issue the token or recharge the card with the desired amount, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) said in a statement. They are Rohini East and Rohini West on the Red Line; MG Road Station on Yellow Line; Mayur Vihar Phase- I, Nirman Vihar, Tilak Nagar, Janakpuri West, and Noida Sector- 15 on Blue Line; and Nehru Place and Kailash Colony on the Violet Line. The 10 metro stations which have been chosen, are done so because of certain prominent factors, namely, major footfall of smart- card holders there ( at least 70% ) and adequate mobile connectivity.
During the meeting with L- G Najeeb Jung, Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Corporation ( SRDC) consultant shared the plan for beautification of stretch from Daryaganj traffic signal to Lothian Bridge in Old Delhi. said Faizi O hasmi, managing director, SRDC. ? To decongest the road we will also take action against the vehicles parked on roadsides and non parking zones, ? These agencies will run the drive together from Monday to revamp the area. said a senior official.
The teachers had protested after the event saying that there was nothing new in the announcements made by the CM and that they were being used as fodder in the fight between the LG and the Delhi government. ? The others should also think about what will happen to them, ? he said. During Wednesday? said Sisodia.
The Aam Aadmi Party' s Goa chief ministerial candidate Elvis Gomes alongwith former minister Nilkant Halankar have been summoned by the Anti- Corruption Branch ( ACB) in connection with a housing scam. Both the leaders have been asked to appear before the agency by December 27.
Patent royalties represent a sliver of Nokia' s overall revenue, more than 90 per cent of which comes from sales of telecoms network equipment. Also Read: Nokia and Apple fight patent war ahead of Nokia' s Android phone launch" Nokia has created or contributed to many of the fundamental technologies used in today' s mobile devices, including Apple products. But because of the dispute, it could take years to reach a new contract, and royalties will likely come ( as) retrospective one- time payments, " said Inderes analyst Mikael Rautanen, who has an " accumulate" rating on Nokia shares. Also Read: Nokia sues Apple for violating 32 technology patents
5 lakh so far, Chawrasia told reporters. " Highlighting the payment issue, he said the sports ministry in a written communication had promised the amount of Rs 30 lakh towards their expense incurred in Rio and also for the coaching camps they attended in the build- up to the Olympics. It has been four months and they have had several paperworks done but Lahiri, a winner of 16 titles around the world, was not even paid a penny, while Chawrasia himself managed to get Rs 5. We were feeling so bad. "
Kapil Sharma is unstoppable right now. Last year, Kapil' s fame ranking was 27 and Money ranking stood at 51. Also read: Forbes India Celebrity 100 list 2015: Kapil Sharma is the only TV personality on itEarly this year, when Kapil opted out of Comedy Nights With Kapil owing to differences with Colors channel, clouds of uncertainty were hanging over for at least 4 months. 98 and No.
Do you remember Uber? Uber India President Amit Jain attended the birthday celebration Uber hosted for the baby. The big daddy, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick met the baby and announced a scholarship fund of USD 12, 000, approximately Rs 8. Travis also gifted the baby a bunny stuff toy, very similar to what he had as a child. " The blessing in disguise was the driver, Shahnawaz Khan, who extended all the help.
( Kohli vs Dhoni in 2016: How India' s two captains fared) A day after the International Cricket Council ( ICC) left out the Indian Test skipper from its Test team of the Year, Australian cricket board released its team on the CA website which has as many as six changes from the one released by the game' s governing body on Thursday. ( Virat has to wait for ODI captaincy: Ganguly) com.
s time, ? With Republic Day approaching and no time being saved for commuters even after doing away with stamping of baggage tags, the CISF has ended the one- week trial run at Indira Gandhi International Airport and passengers will have to get the tags stamped again from Friday. Singh added. CISF staff at the boarding gates has been asked not to check for a baggage tag. ? he said. said Singh.
The battle is between the Prime Minister and West Bengal Chief Minister has once again been rekindled as Mamata Banerjee today lauched yet another scathing attack on the Prime Minister and his demonitisation drive. Mamata addressed her party leaders and then the media from the party office which she visited after a few months on Thursday.
India outclassed South Korea 3- 0 to win the bronze medal at the 4th Women' s U18 Asia Cup 2016 hockey tournament here on Thursday. Hockey India announced cash rewards of Rs 1 lakh for each player, and Rs 50, 000 for each member of the support staff. A defensive mistake in the Korean penalty circle saw the ball fall to Sangita who flashed a shot across the goal with Mahima waiting for the opportunity at the far post. But Manpreet Kaur' s attempt to convert the stroke was denied by South Korean goalkeeper Lee Da Bom.
Gadkari Panaji, Dec 22 ( PTI) The proposed four laning of highway connecting Goa and Mumbai will have around 1, 300 roadside amenities including helipads and outlets selling local produce, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said today. These amenities can be created considering the tourism potential. To make this road accident free and to reduce the distance between Goa and Mumbai, we have decided to construct four lane concrete road, " he said adding this work will be divided in four packages in Goa, while in eleven packages in Maharashtra. " He also said the highway connecting Goa to Mumbai is one of the most important road in the country. "
Mumbai, Dec 22 ( PTI) Luggage maker American Tourister has appointed India Test skipper Virat Kohli as its brand ambassador.
We murdered ' em, we flipping murdered ' em, " said David Lloyd, England' s coach, and he knew that changed nothing. One ball, in particular, sticks in the craw. Never has a side come closer to winning a Test match without actually doing so but mention that by way of consolation and the response is one of numbed and dazed expressions. " Thirteen were needed from Streak' s final over and, when Knight thrashed his third ball over deep- square for six, England were on the verge of a momentous victory. England' s required rate of 5. Stewart, after reaching 73 from 76 balls, skied Paul Strang to Campbell, and Hussain departed without scoring as he slapped the leg- spinner to cover, second ball. Waller was eventually removed by Gough' s lifter, although his later new- ball spell was so unimpressive that it lasted only one over.
Instead it chose some of his candid pictures. However, for its 2017 calendar edition, PIB did not make the prime minster pose. Here' s how it looks like: The month of January focuses on ' skilling India for youth- led development' February' s theme is ' empowering the poor' The month of March highlights ' Sashakt Naari, Sashakt Bharat'  April' s theme is ' futuristic India through infrastructure building'  The month of May gives importance to ' MSME: India' s economic backbone'  June' s theme acknowledges farmers, the bread winners of our nation   July' s theme focuses on " rural electrification"   The month of August highlights the importance of our armed forces as they are the ' pride of the nation'  September' s theme promotes ' cashless transactions'  The month of October is all about ' Swachh Bharat'  November' s theme is ' corruption free governance'
He was born on December 22, 1887 into a Tamil brahmin Iyenger family in Erode, Madras Presidency. His father hailed from Thanjavur district, and worked as a clerk in a sari shop. A self- taught mathematician who made extraordinary contributions to the world of mathematics, S Ramanujan was one of the most influential mathematicians of his time.
Besides, the best performances and events of 2016 were recognised, with reigning Olympic men' s and women' s Light Flyweight ( 49kg) champions Hasanboy Dusmatov of Uzbekistan and Britain' s Nicola Adams both winning the title of Boxer of the Year in their respective categories. ? ( Boxer Mary Kom to return to 48kg category) ð? ª # AIBALegends - @ Klitschko@ MangteC@ brahiminside# FelixSavonpic.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today hit back at senior Congress leaders who had questioned the intention and success of the Centre' s demonetisation initiative. Chidambaram too has been issuing statements in a bid to point out flaws in the demonetisation move. What Modi said on these leaders: RAHUL GANDHI
On the Magenta Line, the stations have been re- designed where instead of the traditional walls and windows, the concourse and platforms will be made of cemented honeycomb design for enhanced ventilation. These stations are Shalimar Bagh, Netaji Subhash Place, Naraina, Sarojini Nagar, INA, South Extension, Vinoba Puri, Ashram and Hazrat Nizamuddin. the official added. A committee, comprising five members including artist members from Delhi College of Art and Lalit Kala Academy, shortlisted 365 images and 36 artists which were found suitable for display on nine Metro stations, ? ? a metro official said.
A day after Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, whose Telugu Desam Party ( TDP) is a BJP ally, spoke against implementation of demonetisation policy, Shiv Sena, another BJP ally, criticised the Central government' s decision. The Chief Minister had said that demonetisation was not what he wished for, adding he was still breaking his head as a solution to the ongoing ( currency) crisis remained elusive.
Erasmus was voted by the International Cricket Council' s ( ICC) elite panel match referees as well as the Test playing captains, and he beats off strong competition for this award from his colleagues Richard Illingworth, Bruce Oxenford and Richard Kettleborough. ( Latest Cricket stories) Erasmus is the fifth umpire to win this prestigious award after Simon Taufel ( 2004 to 2008) , Aleem Dar ( 2009- 2011) , Kumar Dharmasena ( 2012) and Richard Kettleborough ( 2013- 2015) . I thank the match referees and the Test captains for voting me as the ICC Umpire of the Year 2016, but the fact is without the support, help and encouragement of my Playing Control Teams, this would not have been possible. It was achieved without playing any Test matches in his home country.
Tirupati, Dec 21 ( PTI) Devotees of Lord Venkateswara who want to trek the Tirumala hills here on foot will now have to produce their Aadhar card as identify proof for getting authorised tickets for privileged special entry darshan and laddus. At present, devotees after reaching Tirumala are given some laddus free of cost and subsidised laddus besides special entry into the shrine, temple PRO Talari Ravi said today.
s right panel. ? he alleged. ACB chief Mukesh Kumar Meena told reporters in Delhi. Acting on the complaint, the ACB registered an FIR under the Prevention of Corruption Act as well as under Sections 120B ( criminal conspiracy) and 409 ( criminal breach of trust by a public servant) of the Indian Penal Code.
After West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee hit out at the Narendra Modi government over the Income Tax raid at Tamil Nadu chief secretary' s residence, the BJP launched a counter- attack calling her a " maharani of corruption" . ALSO READ: Mamata calls raid on Tamil Nadu chief secretary vindictive, asks why Amit Shah sparedALSO READ: RBI changing demonetisation rules like PM changing his clothes: Rahul Gandhi
People are facing problems. Vijayawada, Dec 21 ( PTI) Demonetisation has led to a 30 per cent drop in revenues for Andhra Pradesh, Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said today but hoped implementation of Goods and Services Tax ( GST) might help increase the Government income. The Central revenues, too, have dropped and consequently it will lead to decrease in devolution of revenue to the State, " he elaborated. " 44 per cent.
China has overtaken the US in terms of film screen numbers as the total number of screens in America stood at 40, 759, it said, quoting a report of Americas National Association of Theatre Owners. The film industry has seen huge growth, with 26 film screens on average added each day during 2016, it said, adding that 85 per cent of all new screens can play 3D movies.
Jadeja now joins Ravichandran Aswhin, who is the no. In a rare instance, two Indian bowlers are on top of the ICC Test rankings for bowlers. ( Also read: Ravindra Jadeja defies flat pitch to snare career- best 7/ 48 in historic win) Jadeja grabbed 10- 154 in the final Test, helping India win the fifth Test against by an innings and 75 runs.
A district court in Dwarka has granted anticipatory bail to senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar in the 1984 anti- Sikh riots case. ALSO READ: 1984 Sikh riot: They took their time to kill between meals
s body. The head, with scanty skin cover remaining, was stuck inside the vent pipe, police said. Sonam? It was only when Thapa maintained his claim despite sustained interrogation that the police searched the sewer again and found a third duct where the head was stuck. ? said Chandra.
t plan it. New roadsJain also pointed out that work on Eastern and Western expressway by the DDA, which has been underway for the last 15 years, needs to be expedited. Delhi government bats for SPV for YamunaJain proposed setting- up of a Special Purpose Vehicle ( SPV) with the Union government to oversee cleaning of the Yamuna and Yamuna Development Front activities. ? said Jain. Jain said.
s Taimoor Nagar area on Monday afternoon. s parents live nearby. Victim? Police said a case of rape was registered at New Friends Colony police station. Neighbourers also came to know about the incident and Sheikh was beaten up by them.
? Travel by bus is all set to get cheaper as the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) government in Delhi is offering discount of up to 75% in order to encourage more people use public transport and leave their personal vehicles at home. 36% in 2014- 15. For the whole of January, there will be a flat fare of Rs 5 in non- AC DTC and cluster buses and Rs 10 for air- conditioned buses. ( HT? DTC?
Ever since Narendra Modi announced demonetisation of high- value currency, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has been on the offensive, hitting out at the government for causing inconvenience to people. Why do not they raid Amit Shah and others who are collecting money? 3/ 6
New Delhi, Dec 20 ( PTI) More than 70 per cent of rural citizens have adopted the methods of e- wallets followed by Unified Payment Interface ( UPI) payment option, the Electronics and IT Ministry said today. " Under its Digital Payments awareness and training programme, the Ministry said that Common Service Centre ( CSC) network, which provides government service in rural area, has enrolled over 25 lakh rural citizens for digital payments. The speed and scale at which digital transformation in taking place in India is paving the way for a digitally empowered, participative and inclusive society, " MeitY Secretary Aruna Sundararajan said.
s boyfriend claimed the life of a 24- year- old woman in northeast Delhi? On Monday, the northeast district police arrested 21- year- old Shazia and recovered the weapon of offence, even as she tried convincing the police that her sister was killed by her stalker who had been harassing her for the past some months. Single said. Waseem and Abid were absconding after the crime and teams have been formed to nab them. ? said the officer. s home.
The ban was partially lifted days later following a wave of criticism. Also read: It' s official. Referring to " increasing" instances where auto drivers, bus drivers and conductors indulge in molestation and sodomy, the affidavit says, " Limited access to persons making request to visit porn sites, may be provided ( like VPN gateway server, etc) with certain conditions like: Instead of making payment to the Service providers, a hefty amount be made to the Government of India. Also, it can be a great revenuegenerating model for the government. " HAVE COUNSELLORS FOR KIDS
11. 18am GMT 11: 18  Kate ConnollyIn her statement Merkel said she would visit the scene of the attack later today, together with Berlin? The space left behind showed traces of blood, market stall canopies, a collapsed Christmas tree, broken bottles, and other debris. 24am GMT   11. This would be particularly repugnant in the face of the many many Germans who have dedicated themselves day after day to helping refugees, and in the face of the many people who actually need our protection and try to integrate into our country. 11am GMT 11: 11  Angela Merkel? ? Updated at 11. Merkel says. terrible deed?
? This is because the area has a lot of eucalyptus trees and to install solar panels, a roof- top has to be clear and must get direct sunlight. 7 per unit. s Solar Policy makes it mandatory for all government buildings with a minimum shadow- free rooftop area of 50 sqm to generate 5 kW or 15% of the sanctioned load. Delhi? dilli_ headline { font- size: 150% ; float: left; margin- bottom: 3px} .
The incident happened on December 17. An Air India flight - - AI 191 - -   to New York that took off from New Delhi carrying 277 passengers, flew to its destination leaving behind luggage of all the passengers.
In what can be considered another blot on Chennai Airport , a glass ceiling fell off today for the 74th time this year.
An unimaginable, unsual tragedy occurred in Kendrapara district of Odisha when a swarm of bees attacked people attending a funeral at a cremation ground in Thakurhaat village. All the injured people were admitted to the hospital and are out of danger now. The bees stung 30 people and injured them badly during the funeral of a 66- year- old man, Gouranga Charan Sahu, which was put to a halt for over three hours with the bees wreaking havoc.
said a senior police officer. the officer said. ? The handycams would be used by the in- charge of patrol vans to record the crime scene, gathering of people, and areas around the spot, apart from recording statements of the witnesses, all in digital format. phablets? .
It will be a sweet revenge for the twin defeats, including a 4- 0 drubbing in 2011, which India suffered at the hands of England in the last two series. Take a look: Longest unbeaten streaks for Indian captains: India have now won eight Tests in 2016, which are the joint- most they have won in a calendar year. Gavaskar had made 774 against West Indies in West Indies in four matches ( in his debut series) . Kohli has so far aggregated 2580 runs in just 36 matches in 2016. ( Running out of adjectives for Kohli and Ashwin: Ganguly to India Today) Most Test wins by India in a calendar year The series has been mighty successful for Virat Kohli - both as a batsman and as a captain. Ajit Wadekar, Mohammad Azharuddin and MS MS Dhoni have won three. ( Virat Kohli- Ravichandran Ashwin are the new Sachin Tendulkar- Anil Kumble of Indian cricket) If Virat Kohli and his men win the final Test starting tomorrow at the MA Chidambaram Stadium, it will be their biggest against England, the previous being the 3- 0 whitewash in 1992- 93 under Mohammad Azharuddin' s captaincy. Players like Kapil Dev, Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag, Rahul Dravid, Anil Kumble, etc.
Pakistan cricket has seen Christians and Hindus represent the country at home and abroad, but for the first time a Sikh has secured a place in the National Cricket Academy. Mahinder Pal Singh, who hails from Nankana Sahib ( Lahore) , is among the list of top 30 emerging cricketers in the country, Geo News reported.
Some patients will feel better within a week but many develop longer- term joint pain that can last up to years. Death is rare but can occur, researchers said. To overcome these trade- offs, the researchers used the Eilat virus as a vaccine platform since it only infects insects and has no impact on people. The UTMB researchers used an Eilat virus clone to design a hybrid virus- based vaccine containing chikungunya structural proteins.
One of the most revered leaders, J Jayalalithaa even after her demise, continues to rule the hearts of her millions of supporters. Amma supporters, to display their love and to honour her, made a idli weighing 68 kg which is a close replica of her face and showcased it at Marina Beach.
We were prepared. Even today, RBI has more than adequate cash to last not just till December 30 but even beyond it, " Jaitley told reporters. DEPOSIT ALL MONEY IN ONE GO' ( With inputs from IANS) Also read:
Here is the complete list of winners from Stardust Awards 2016: Viewers' Choice Best Actor of the Year: Amitabh Bachchan for PinkViewers' Choice Best Actress of the Year: Anushka Sharma for Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and SultanWith the directors behind Alizeh & Aarfa ð? ¼ @ karanjohar@ aliabbaszafarpic. . â? ? Love you guys!
big four? ? The rare snake was first spotted by some children playing in the neighbourhood park, after which a resident immediately called Wildlife SOS for help. a Wildlife SOS official said. Seshamani said. The team had to take precautionary measures to ensure the safety of bystanders as well as of the snake.
s searches at the office of Kumar in December 2015 and later his arrest led to a war of words between the Aam Aadmi Party government in Delhi and the BJP- ruled Centre. The CBI has filed a chargesheet against Rajendra Kumar, former principal secretary to Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, in connection with alleged graft case against him. The CBI? ? s behest.
The practice, known as chhaupadi, is a social custom of keeping menstruating girls and women in a narrow shed outside the village, under the ancient Hindu custom which views menstruating girls as unclean. The practice was outlawed by the government in 2005, but it is still prevalent among many village communities in Nepal, especially in western Nepal.
smuggle/ divert? The mastermind is also believed to have diverted imported gold bars procured under bond from banks/ nominated agencies for manufacturing jewellery, the handout read. The purpose of the fraud allegedly committed by Mahalakshmi jewellers was to ? copper chains? with zero gold content.
Panaji, Dec 19 ( PTI) The Aam Aadmi Party today declared Elvis Gomes, a former bureaucrat, as its chief ministerial candidate. The 53- year- old had taken voluntary retirement to join AAP. Previously, he has served as director of Municipal Administration and Tourism, chairperson of Goa Housing Board, commissioner of the Municipal Corporation of Panjim, and Captain of Ports.
a bench headed by NGT chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar said. clear map? It also directed commissioners of the three civic bodies to submit a scheme within a month before the tribunal for providing incentive to the people who give segregated waste at source, ? In June, the state government asked the municipal corporations to change the bylaws, so that they are in accordance with the Union government? ? Read More: Delhi? s direction.
The team took Yusuf to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital. He died on December 15. Mohammad Yusuf, who was working as a waiter at the venue, was hit in the neck when the accused, identified as Dharmender, fired from his illegal pistol, eyewitnesses told police. t have any stable business. s Bathinda.
It is clear that the respondent ( Ali) had intentionally disobeyed the orders of his superiors and deserted the force for a period of 5 days. Ali was appointed as a constable in CISF in September 1990 and in October 1999, an inquiry was proposed against him under the CISF Rules for allegations of misconduct and misbehavior. Such desertion is an act of gross misconduct and the respondent deserves to be punished suitably. " The bench directed that Ali shall be entitled for notional continuity of service till the date of completion of minimum service required to make him eligible for pension but he will not be entitled for payment of salary and allowances for that period.
Deputy commissioner of police ( east) Omvir Singh said, ? Police said, Abdul Kadir, a cash custodian from the bank, took out a bag full of money from the van and was walking towards the ATM when three men on a bike snatched it from him. Locals couldn? A case has been registered. ? CCTV footage from the area shows that the bike reached the spot following the van.
Slaves? It has been ranked number four among 167 countries where modern slavery is prevalent, revealed the Global Slavery Index released by the Walk Free foundation, a global human rights organisation. 35 lakh children gone missing in 2015, this group will travel between India Gate and Gateway of India and visit houses on the way to tell people about the menace of child labour. ? he added.
A government statement issued on Sunday said that under the new project, these children will be tested for learning disabilities and thereafter, would be provided appropriate learning support. 2 lakh students in these classes, out of which around 3. said an official. ? officials said. deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia said in the release.
Mumbai, Dec 19 ( PTI Even as cinemas in Pakistan today began screening Indian movies, over two months after film exhibitors and theatre owners suspended it amidst Indo- Pak tensions, the Maharashtra Navnirmam Sena ( MNS) said it will continue to oppose Indian films featuring Pakistani actors. " Following the Uri terror attack in September, the MNS Chitrapat Sena had issued a 48- hour ultimatum to Pakistani artistes to leave the country and even threatened physical violence against them and anyone who cast them in their productions. However, decks were cleared for the film after Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis mediated a dialogue between the filmmakers and Raj Thackeray.
At a rally in poll- bound Uttar Pradesh today, Rahul Gandhi stopped people from hurling invective against Narendra Modi, saying he is the Prime Minister and " we must not say ' murdabad' ( down with) for anyone" . . Narendra Modi is the Prime Minister. He said the Congress would have assisted any move of the government to weed out corruption and black money from India but " the decision on demonetisation was neither against corruption, nor against black money" .
I did not stop hoping and now I have this baby- - it is a perfect feeling. Moaza' s doctor, Sara Matthews, said, " This is a huge step forward. A 24- year- old woman from Dubai has had a baby using ovary tissues that were saved from before she hit puberty. Moaza needed chemotherapy, which damages the ovaries, before receiving a bone marrow transplant.
The victim, Lallan Singh Kushwaha, received head injuries for making comments against demonetisation while on his way to buy a television from a shop in Ismailpur. Kushwaha said. ? I didn? he added.
. and the makers of Jagga Jasoos launched the promotions of the film today by sharing the first poster of the Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif- starrer. ? ð? # JaggaJasoos# RanbirKapoor# KatrinaKaifpic.
While many were not affected by this, a young girl named Phoebe was really worried about Radio 4' s PM program which starts off only after the Big Ben chimes. Set in the Elizabeth towers, the Big Ben, also known as the ' great clock' is scheduled to undergo a much needed annual repairing ritual in 2017, so that the over 157 year- old clock does not stop working completely. Jon Hanson, the father of the young girl, shared a Facebook post announcing that Phoebe finally received a reply from BBC.
Besides being an MLA, Vaishali, is also the daughter of late Jagmohan Dalmiya, former President of International Cricket Council and Board of Cricket Council of India. Trinamool Congress Member of Legislative Assembly Vaishali Dalmiya was busy attending phone calls on her mobile while the national anthem was being played at a sports event in Howrah. National Anthem was being played as both the football teams reached the ground before the start of the football match.
s Nazi past. s parliament has passed a law allowing authorities to expropriate the house in which Adolf Hitler was born in 1889. s architectural history. Austria? While their main aim is to prevent the building becoming a shrine for the steady stream of neo- Nazi supporters who still make their way to Braunau, there has been an ongoing discussion over what more positive purpose it might serve. ?
Dehradun, Dec 18 ( PTI) A special 90- minute break will be given to the government employees from the Muslim community in Uttarakhand for Friday prayers, official sources said. A cabinet meeting yesterday, chaired by Chief Minister Harish Rawat, decided that a special break from 12: 30 PM till 2: 00 PM will be given to the employees from the community, they said.
Also Read: Tiger population is rising, but will it get doubled by 2022? " The villagers and some criminal social groups living in or at the fringes of tiger reserves get lured by the money thrown by poaching syndicates of south- east Asia, where there is a huge demand for tiger body partsâ? The euphoria over rise in world tiger population early this year may have been misplaced for India as the official data placed before Parliament shows that 98 tigers died in the country till November 16, 2016, a steep 25 per cent rise over last year when 78 deaths were reported. Some point fingers at archaic resources at hand, immobility against hi- tech and heavilyarmed poachers around Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. RED CORRIDORS
Britain' s most famous clock tower, Big Ben, will go silent for the first time since 2007 for a renovation project which will cost more than $ 40 million. Also read: Big Ben Kolkata: The London clock tower replica is not a Durga Puja marqueeFrom the tower' s fabric to the mechanism of the clock, British Parliament officials are concerned about the condition of the clock. A lift will also be installed and make it easier for disabled people who are unable to climb the tower' s 334 steps.
Now, records obtained by Enforcement Directorate show that Hyderabad madly went after the yellow metal. ED investigations have revealed that gold biscuits worth Rs 2, 700 crore were bought in the City of Nizams between November 8 and 30. All payments were done in cash with demonetised or discontinued currency notes. READ| Huge cash and gold recovered since demonetisationED also suspects that the people, who made the purchases, went underground after the buying spree.
Former World No 1 tennis player and ex- coach of Serb superstar Novak Djokovic, Boris Becker on Saturday said current top women' s doubles player Sania Mirza brings him luck and vice versa. 2 Novak Djokovic . Asked while taking up coaching seriously, was he influenced by anybody, Becker said: " I was running the German junior team for five years after my retirement in ( 1999) so I had my first hand coaching experience coaching the young German team some of whom made the world top 10. " And with all others I am good friends and we know each other for a very long time, " he said. Becker said this is the reason he is closest with Sania. " And if you are a successful player your ego tends to come in between and it is a lot about yourself. "
Coming across this incident, Circle Officer Sunil Kumar of Goh in Aurangabad district, reached Dadar village where the incident occurred. Panchayat secretary of Rafiganj in Bihar handed out old notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1, 000 to more than 100 elderly people. For the last few months, the old villagers have been asking for their pension money from panchayat secretary but to no avail. An FIR has already been filed against Panchayat Secratery Kumar Prasad Gupta.
Sources said Pawar had blackened the validity date on the sticker and illegally used his car as a cab. The woman, however, told the police that she was confined in the car by the driver, who then allegedly raped her. ? misusing? he added. Delhi Police arrested a CISF head constable for allegedly ? Read: Mobile phone in a ?
The girl alleged that the incident took place when she was cooking in the kitchen and her uncle and aunt had gone to the hospital. s house. s Dilshad Garden? They are being questioned, ? They knew that the girl was alone at home and was not strong enough to resist their bid. ? a police officer said.
heads. Sources privy to the development said Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh ( RSS) , two Delhi MPs, and two former state unit chiefs had played a major role in selecting names for the coveted posts. The district presidents are: Roshan Kansal ( Keshav Puram) , Arvind Garg ( Chandni Chowk) , Ajay Mahavaar ( Northeast) , Pravesh Verma ( Navin Shahdara) , Lalit Joshi ( Mayur Vihar) , Santosh Pal ( Shahdara) , Bharat Bhushan Madaan ( Karol Bagh) , Anil Sharma ( New Delhi) , Vedpal Maan ( Northwest) , Ramesh Khanna ( West) , Suman Prakash Sharma ( Najafgarh) , Azad Singh ( Mehrauli) , and Mithilesh Singh ( South Delhi) . ? The BJP? has a lot of capable and diligent workers but only 14 names were to be chosen.
t follow basic etiquettes. Read More: Fare hike on hold, Delhi Metro eyes more revenue from video ads at stationsO P Singh, DG CISF said that students are the future of the country and imparting security, discipline and etiquettes awareness to the students will go a long way in building a secure society. ? he said. Read More: Delhi Metro?
December 29 will be the anniversary of a 2013 skiing accident in which the former Ferrari driver suffered severe head injuries when he fell and hit his head on a rock in the French Alps. Michaelâ? This is also because we have to protect his intimate sphere, " she said in a statement. " ?
Two months ago, he came to Delhi and started living with his family in Sector- 16- A, Dwarka area and changed his name to Pramod. On December 12, we received information that Raju was residing somewhere in Sector- 16- A, Dwarka with the Pramod Pandit and that would come near Metro Bridge, Sector- 16- A, Dwarka. ? said Yadav. s hands and legs and strangulated her.
Jharkhand cadre IPS officer Rajiv Jain was today appointed as the new chief of Intelligence Bureau ( IB) . Jain, who is at present serving as the Special Director in the IB, will take over on January 1 after the incumbent Dineshwar Sharma completes his two- year tenure on December 31. He succeeds Rajinder Khanna who completes his tenure this year end.
India is one of the most generous countries for refugees. New Delhi, Dec 16 ( PTI) India is one of the most generous countries for refugees, ensuring safety and employment to the displaced people in the best of her capacity, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR) said today. Although we give refugee cards to displaced people but the government here issues long term visas for them which is very helpful, " Shimizu said. According to UNHCR Global Trends report, 65.
He has vast experience in high altitude warfare and counter insurgency operations. Lt Gen Bipin Rawat is presently serving as  VCOAS of the Indian Army from 01 September 2016. He was commissioned in the Fifth Battalion of the Eleven Gorkha Rifles in December 1978, from IMA, Dehradun, where he was awarded the ' Sword of Honour' . He has the distinction of having held a number of the important operational appointments including Station Commander of a fighter base and leader of an Indian Military Training Team abroad He has also served as Chief Instructor ( Air) at the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington, Assistant Chief of the Air Staff ( Intelligence) at Air Headquarters and Senior Air Staff Officer of two operational Commands. NEW AIR CHIEFAir Marshal BS Dhanoa will succeed Air Chief Marshal Arup Raha who will retire on December 31, 2016.
I wont lie, I will be honest. . demonetisation did not affect my life much. I know many people had problems and I feel sad for them but I am also happy that our Prime Minister has taken an initiative, so we should support him, " Aamir said. Earlier in November, while launching Dangal' s first single Haanikaarak Bapu in Mumbai, Aamir said that people should focus on the long- term impact of demonetisation for national interest and ignore short- term hiccups.
Those who. . Addressing an awareness programme on EMF emissions and telecom towers, the minister said, there are myths about the radiation and its impact on health which need to be eliminated by creating awareness. " There is a misconception. that electromagnetic emission from towers cause adverse impact on health.
Our position is based on the principles enshrined in the treaty. . letter and spirit" . Fearing that India is buying time to complete two disputed water projects, Pakistan made it clear that it would not accept any modifications or changes to the Indus Waters Treaty after New Delhi said on Friday it was ready to bilaterally resolve its differences with Islamabad over the pact' s implementation. We believe that these consultations should be given adequate time. "
All the three accused have filed their bail applications in the Patiala House Court. Also read | VVIP chopper scam: CBI gets 3 more days to quiz ex- IAF chief SP TyagiProducing all the three accused in the VVIP chopper scam in the court, the CBI said, there are incriminating evidence received from Swiss authorities against Tyagi. ? percentage of commissionâ?
said JP Sharma, public prosecutor, CBI. During arguments on conviction, Garia said that he had put forward his argument but attracted the attention of the court over several issues related to the case. s mobile locations indicted his presence in Punjab during the period when the girl was killed by Koli in his house. he said. s hangingBefore the seventh case judgment, Koli? ? Koli told her of his innocence and said that he will keep fighting the legal battle, ?
Friday seized Rs 1. 4 crore cash, including Rs 8 lakh in new currency, in searches on the premises of a civil contractor here as part of its anti- black money drive post demonetisation. ? they said.
In a view to curb costs, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today brought down the number of its departments from 63 to 52 by merging 21 departments into 10. " With the merger of these 21 departments into 10 new merged departments, the net reduction of the number of number of state government departments will be 11, ie from the existing 63 number to 52, " said state Finance Minister Amit Mitra.
com/ lv5tKxjSdh GST NEXT BIG THINGSpeaking at the FICCI' s 89th Annual General Meeting, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley asserted that goods and service tax, slated to come in force from next year, would bring another phase of big economic reforms in the country. Amongst the emerging economies, if we look at India, I think it is a refreshing change from what is happening in rest of the world, " the finance minister said. However, he exuded confidence that Indian economy would do well. " twitter.
Delivering her opening address at the briefing, Sunita Narain, Director General, CSE, said, " The government is considering amending the Consumer Protection Act to provide for five- year jail term or a penalty of Rs 50 lakh to hold celebrities responsible for false and misleading claims. " In other words, this amendment amounts to nothing. " The penalty is Rs 50 lakh and five- year imprisonment for a second offence.
ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN AAP' s Delhi unit convenor Dilip Pandey said the Centre' s demonetisation decision had driven the nation to an " economic slowdown. " He claimed that even big companies had started laying off people.
Mobile and laptop seized from Tabrez Khan family have been sent for forensic tests. The agency has also started recording statement of those people whom Tabrez and Ali met during their stay in India earlier this year. We have written to the Central Government requesting them to seek and provide detail about Tabrez Khan, " said a senior ATS official. Forensic department to retrieve data from mobile and laptop which can be used for investigation purpose. "
No Indians, not even the legends like Sunil Gavaskar, Kapil Dev or Sachin Tendulkar featured in England great Geoffrey Boycott' s all- time best World XI. We cannot help ourselves with what we see. George Headley may have played only 20 something games but they called him ' the black Bradman' . Having chosen legends WG Grace and Sir Jack Hobbs as his openers, Boycott went on to pick Sir Donald Bradman and West Indian George Headley. Both of these choices would probably tally with most of the experts. " , " he said.
During the hearing, Advocate Shrinivas Patwardhan, representing the other district banks in Maharashtra, alleged the RBI had only released funds to the Sholapur bank while others in Thane and Nashik were left high and dry with no money to pay teachers' salaries. Justice Oka noted that when people could withdraw Rs 24, 000 per week then there should be no reason why teachers could not withdraw their salaries. Justice Oka advised the district banks to approach the district co- ordinators of the SBI. This cannot go on" . The Centre had moved the Supreme Court on November 17, seeking a stay on the proceedings before the various high courts and other courts ( except the top court) against the demonetisation issue, saying the move would otherwise create a lot of confusion.
s Dilshad Garden. Similar to the crime four years ago, the 20- year- old woman said she got into the cab as she was getting late and no auto rickshaw had agreed to take her for the past 1. The crime triggered massive protests across the country as thousands of people demanded stricter laws and police patrolling to improve a shameful record of safety for female citizens in Delhi, where a woman reports a rape every four hours. a police officer said. ? deputy commission of police, south, Ishwar Singh said. The woman? s registration number to Kotla Mubarakpur.
Sibal said, " BJP is not the only nationalist party. Senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal today rebutted Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s remarks on former premier Indira Gandhi and accused him of being unaware of the history of the country. For the PM to say that Congress is bigger than the country just proves that he is not aware of the history of our country.
Violent clashes took place between police and locals in Patna City area after the district administration demolished a temple for widening of road. The Bihar government is at the moment working on a war footing for constructing new roads and widening of old road ahead of the 350th birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh to be celebrated in the first week of January next year. Left with no choice, the administration, fully backed by police personnel today reached the spot where the temple was located and an attempt to demolish the temple was made that faced stiff resistance from the locals.
Based on Shakespeare' s classic Macbeth, Veeram' s soundtrack We Will Rise has found a place in 91 songs selected to compete for the Original Song category at the 89th Academy Awards, which will be held next year. . We Will Rise. . "
China' s military has carried out its first ever live- fire drills using an aircraft carrier and fighters in the northeastern Bohai Sea close to Korea, state media said. On Wednesday, a US think tank said China had been installing anti- aircraft and anti- missile systems on artificial islands in the South China Sea, prompting China to defend its right to install military hardware there. It broadcast images of fighter jets taking off from the carrier, firing missiles and destroying a target at sea. The Liaoning has participated in previous military exercises, including some in the South China Sea, but the country is still years off from perfecting carrier operations similar to those the United States has practiced for decades.
AIADMK has rejected the demand for issuing a white paper on the treatment given to late chief minister of Tamil Nadu Jayalalithaa. Stalin was supported by PMK founder S Ramadoss, who said that, there were ' apprehensions' among the public and AIADMK workers over the treatment given to Jayalalithaa as well as her death. Doctors monitored Amma. " Ramadoss and Stalin are not the ones who are not aware about it, " Ponnaiyan contended. '
Indian Prime Ministers or Presidents rarely meet with the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader. ALSO READ |   China tells India to ' not complicate' border issue after Karmapa visit' CHINA IS STRONGLY DISSATISFIED WITH THE VISIT AND FIRMLY OPPOSE IT' Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said on Friday: " Recently in disregard of Chia' s solemn representation and and strong opposition, the Indian side insisted on arranging for the 14th Dalai Lama' s visit to the Indian Presidential palace, participation in the event with the Indian President and meeting with President Mukherjee. " The Chinese side firmly opposes any form of contact between officials of the other countries with him. "
Now, consider this. Police recovered notes amounting Rs 10. 10 crore stuffed in gunny bags from the car. In March this year, Knight Frank' s Wealth Report- 2016 said Mumbai has the maximum number of ultra- high- net worth individuals in India, followed by Delhi. The seizure included Rs 10 crore in scrapped denomination of Rs 500, and Rs 10 lakh in 2000 rupee banknotes. READ| With huge cash and gold recovered since demonetisation, CISF ramps up new measures" Currently, we are totally dependable on specific information shared by FIUs ( financial intelligence units) , " a source from ED said with an assurance that in the coming days, the agency would start working on developing local informers for this purpose.
5% in 2014. Rishikant, who runs the NGO Shakti Vahini, says one needs to compare the investigation of December 16 gang rape case against the other cases reported everyday. s Jamia Nagar. Over 1. s safety. Not only in percentage terms, there has been a drop even in absolute numbers over the last two years ? Read | ? ?
4 per cent over the four quarters of 2016. " 3 percentage points to its 7. From Lalit K Jha Washington, Dec 15 ( PTI) India remains one of the fastest- growing countries in the world, the White House today said even as it underlined that inefficiencies remain in the public sector of the country with the poor population still lacking healthcare coverage and access to financial services. " The White House said as Chinas economy grew to 15 per cent of global GDP in 2015, targeted industrial policies have made it the worlds largest manufacturer and the dominant producer of some key goods in the global marketplace, as well as a major source of demand for an array of goods, magnifying the effects of changes in its domestic economy on global prices and growth.
Their group leader, Ramesh Guruswamy said that this was their way of worshipping Lord Ayyappa. 4 Ayyappa devotees took their vow a bit too seriously and had been worshipping being nude in Kalghatgi village in Dharwad. They thought by this unique way they would be able to please the deity.
digital walls? It will be first implemented on the Violet Line ( ITO- Escorts Mujesar) with 32- 38 inch LED screens to be installed at every ticket counter. ? Digital walls will give us the chance to bring in multiple advertisers at the same time and in the same space, ? another metro official said. A passenger?
With the demise of AIADMK' s ' permanent' general secretary J Jayalalithaa, the future of the MGR found ' Anaithindhiya Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazagam' became a question mark. Moreover, the cadres also believed that their ' Amma' can never die or be replaced. For 76 days, Apollo became a fortress and not a wind of news could leak from the premises without being edited. Later Kollywood actor Gowthami wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking answers on what happened to the state' s beloved CM and what sort of treatments were given to her.
50 lakh of which Rs 80 lakh in new currency. " Other premises yielded another Rs 94. The tax sleuths have brought to the notice of the bank authorities about the CCTV footage they " shows difference in time from the time shown in the bank records" . Total seizure was 10.
Yes. . The rate ( for exchanging black money) is 40 per cent, " he said. " A former director of the Delhi Minorities Finance Corporation, Siddiqui was also ready to go the extra mile by reaching out to some other non- profits. " Take it in cash, " Jatav said.   " That' s it. I did not say anything, " he said, when asked on the phone about the conversation he had with India Today' s undercover reporters about converting revoked notes into legal tender. Titu Yadav, a member of the ruling Samajwadi Party' s Noida Mahanagar unit, quoted the same rate as he offered to replace the invalid notes with new currency. " It will not be paid back at one go even through cheque, " he said. " I condemn any such act.
Ahmedabad, Dec 15 ( PTI) The Gujarat Cabinet today cleared an Ordinance, which seeks to impose a total ban on hookah bars across the state. " Once it comes into effect, those found operating such hookah joints in violation of the law, would face stringent action, including imprisonment up to three years, he said. " To save our youths from this deadly addiction, our government has decided to shut all the hookah bars.
Read my lips. Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi could not deliver on his promise of causing " an earthquake" in Parliament by revealing the damaging information relating to " Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s personal involvement in corruption" , but he has assured his party MPs that he has " solid proof" . " Rahul is reported to have told his MPs at a special briefing held in New Delhi last evening that he had done due diligence and the evidence available with him was unimpeachable. Whenever it becomes public, it will have the affect of a political earthquake, " he is reported to have told his partymen.
He alleged that demonetisation was a Rs 8, 000 crore scam. MODI LESS QUALIFIED: KEJRIWAL" Modi is less qualified. The nation has not been able to comprehend how a scam of this proportion took place, " Kejriwal said. He said, " If the degree is genuine, why is Modiji reluctant to show it? He had requested the agency that information about PM' s educational degrees should be brought in the public domain to eliminate any confusion over the issue.
The minors, aged between 10- 18 years, were let off after a counselling session in the presence of their parents. Also read:  Government ropes in Interpol to help crackdown on child pornography" A special drive was carried out on cyber cafes under 17 police station limits with a view to curb cyber offences and restrict minors from watching pornographic and objectionable videos and photographs. There are strict laws and guidelines against identities of minors in conflict with law or in vulnerable positions being disclosed.
Social activist and public interest litigator Traffic Ramaswamy filed a new Public Interest Litigation in the Madras High Court seeking late Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa' s body to be dug out of the grave for a post- mortem to be conducted. Ramaswamy had earlier filed PILs in the Madras High Court, while Amma was admitted to the Apollo Hospital in Chennai, seeking a detailed report from the government on her health and another one seeking to declare poll papers of AIADMK candidates with Jayalalithaa' s thumb impression as " illegal" , claiming affixing thumb impression was a violation of the election code.
Only a soldier can do surgical strikes. The Opposition can say it, but you do not say it, " Modi reportedly told party MPs at a BJP parliamentary meet. We are not capable of it. ALSO READ: Modi government cracks whip on black money: 5 biggest Income Tax seizures in 15 days PRINTING MORE Rs 500 NOTESAmid reports of Rs 500 currency notes not being circulated enough, the economic affairs secretary said that the initial focus of the government was to supply Rs 2000 notes to replace the value that was pulled out of the market. "
Varun, a gym trainer, ordered the phone online and gave the gym as his address, but since he did not have Rs 11, 999 for the Redmi Note 3, he decided to murder the delivery man. According to the police, Varun attacked 29- year- old Nanjundaswamy with an iron rod and a flower pot. Varun had apparently slit Nanjundaswamy' s throat after he fell unconscious. Later in the night, after the bank on the first floor and a fruit stall in the basement had shut for the night, Varun shifted the body around 11 pm to the basement.
? s Chhawla area and recovered close to Rs 64 lakh in old and new currency and jewellery worth over Rs 1 crore. On the basis of a tip- off, a joint action team of income tax ( I- T) and inter state crime cell of crime branch carried out a raid at the house of Sukhbir Shokeen, police said. said a senior police officer.
between 5 pm and 7 pm ? The number of vehicles on city roads has grown from 74 lakhs to 89 lakhs in the last six years, a jump of almost 20% . To confirm our findings, we tracked the same routes over the last six years to see how the traffic has started dragging due to the addition of more vehicles, ? s infrastructure. ? Raju cautioned. That?
RenÃ©e n Alisah truly have excellent taste in people! ? ' ALSO READ | There was a phase when I was only interested in no- strings- attached relationships, says Ranveer SinghWATCH | When Ranveer lost to Baba Ramdev in an epic dance battleOPINION | Ranveer- Vaani French kiss for 2 hours and simply annoy you in BefikreSushmita Sen shared the photo of Ranveer and his daughters and wrote that Ranveer went out of his way to make the meeting memorable. Ranveer sure lives it! â? ! . ? both were ecstatic to finally meet # RanveerSingh and true to his nature, he went out of his way to make their first meeting a # memorable one! # toocute # precious # happygang # memories # cherished # mumbaiairport ð?
EXPLOSION IN CHILD PORNOGRAPHYExperts say the advent of digital cameras and camcorders has fueled an explosion in such material available online. Ordering a crackdown against child porn, the SC had said that one needs to draw a distinct line between art and obscenity and child pornography cannot be justified in the name of freedom of speech and expression. RP Saxena, co- ordinator of the cyber Laws and e- security group of the government, said in the affidavit that a meeting was convened recently to seek cooperation and support from Internet Service Providers, which in turn can play an important role by blocking or disabling the lists containing domain names/ URLs/ website addresses hosting child pornography content. The agency maintains a regular update of the " worst" of such sites.
Work is set to start soon to build what could well be the world' s largest Hindu temple - - in Bihar. It will have a Shiva Linga, 44 feet tall and 33 feet in circumference - - proposed to be the tallest in the world. A former Indian Police Service officer, Kunal said the design or architecture of the proposed temple will have nothing to do with Angkor Wat, visited by millions every year. The complex will comprise 18 temples. Kunal and his team then re- exmained their plan.
The 6- hour- long encounter in Jammu and Kashmir' s Sopore has come to an end after security forces killed a top Lashkar- e- Taiba commander. Encounter endsAs forces approached the house in question, they were fired upon by the militant. Sopore encounter # UPDATE: top LeT commander Abu Bakr killed by security forces.
An elected government should have some power to run, otherwise the government cannot function, " the apex court said while hearing an Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) government petition on Delhi' s statehood issue. The matter will be next heard on January 18.
( Kohli plays FIFA on PlayStation with teammates in Chennai) " His aggression is two- times more than mine, " he told reporters on the sidelines of the Sourav Ganguly Foundation and Sourav Ganguly Cricket School launch, which is powered by PitchVision Cricket Technology here. The technology is a motion- tracking tool which helps players at the grassroots level better their skills through television and academy style feedback. ( Kohli achieves career- best second spot in ICC Test rankings) Ganguly, during his time as the India captain was also known to be an aggressive leader, famously celebrating India' s Natwest triangular Series win in 2002 by taking off his shirt at the Lord' s cricket ground.
UBS had recently batted for removal of the highest- denomination currency in Australia, and said the country can follow India' s example.  " First India, then Venezuela and now Australia is considering the proposal to demonetise its 100 dollar currency note as the country attempts to target tax evaders. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro said the step will help fight smuggling mafias.
? said a senior police officer. While he was asking for more policemen to come to the spot, one of the men suddenly stood up and threw chilli powder in Pawan? s Molarband area. s Rohini area on August 21. s north Rohini.
Sad news for Akshay Kumar and Akshay Kumar fans. A man who was tasked with providing security cover to Akshay Kumar got into a freak accident when he was run over by a train. Speaking to Times of India, station officer of GRP Mathura Junction Mr Mukesh Kumar said, " At around 8pm, when Karnataka Express was passing by platform number two, Manoj attempted to alight from train which was still moving.
New Delhi, Dec 13 ( PTI) Indian defence forces and defence production would be " open to scrutiny" and " control" by the United States which will make India its " junior ally" following finalisation of the Major Defense Partner designation, CPI( M) has alleged. " The country can see the US side of the deal by reading the 2017 NDAA, but remains ignorant of the Indian commitment as a Major Defense Partner of the United States, " CPI( M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury said. Yechury further said, " Paragraph( I) of Section 1292, 2017 NDAA makes the facts amply clear.
? they said. It was a casual on- metro selfie that a US- based NRI woman had clicked which helped the CISF recover her stolen gold jewellery worth Rs 22 lakh and bust a gang of women pickpockets from a Metro station in the Capital. selfie? They said the identified the woman in the background and apprehended her, who gave information about the other five during interrogation.
6 years. 3 years, Buddhists 7. 6. 8 years in school on average. But among Hindus, there was still an 18- point gap between the youngest men and women, with 38% of women having no formal education compared with 20% of men. Among Muslims, those that live in countries with strong economies are well- educated, but those who live in developing regions have comparatively short periods of formal schooling ? Christians and the religiously unaffiliated also reversed gaps but to a lesser extent. ?
. As per market research firm Strategy Analytics, Qualcomm leads mobile chipset market globally with 37 per cent share. " He said that Qualcomm is also coming up with new feature in its mobile chipsets from 2017 that verify user with payment gateway using unique features like device id, phone manufacturer signature, Android version in the phone, root kit of operating system, location and time, which will be nearly impossible to duplicate. " Everyone is getting connected, everyone is getting authenticated by device. This checks any malware from effecting transactions, " Choudhury said.
Here' s what Deepika' s dad has to say When asked about his frivolous relationships, Ranveer in a interview to Filmfare said, " There was a phase in my life where I was only in no- strings- attached relationships. Now I cannot even think of such relationships. My biological clock is ticking. I love kids. "
The petition has also asked for the recovery of all medical documents during the AIADMK chief' s stay in Chennai' s Apollo Hospital for more than two months. ALSO READ: What exactly happened to Jayalalithaa? Tamil actor Gautami Tadimalla writes to PM Modi for answers
ALSO READ | Man livestreams 183kph drive on Facebook, ends up. As the boys were riding in front of the car, the accused Lance Naik Santosh asked his wife Sangita to apply brakes, but instead, she applied the accelerator. . The Lance Naik was teaching his wife to drive inside the military station, restricted area of south Mumbai where two brothers, aged seven and 12, were riding cycles. Sangita does not have a driving license or a learner' s license.
Those present in the place of worship had to lock themselves in, in order to avoid confrontation with the angry mob. The government of Punjab today sent in the army which managed to disperse the crowd . Also read: Watch: Pakistani journalist threatens PM Modi, says Indian forces are intruding The Ahmedi Muslim community which is a minority in Pakistan has come under attack from Sunni extremist groups and mobs several times in the recent past.
Debate and discussion should be held in Parliament and not disruption, " the former UN diplomat said. I do not think that he will do any financial mistake, " he said. He was reacting on stalling of the House by Opposition over the demonetisation issue. Manmohan Singh is a man with strict financial integrity.
s get real? . It is alarming that the United Nations would consider using a character with an overtly sexualised image at a time when the headline news in United States and the world is the objectification of women and girls, ? ? real- life Wonder Women? I? one of the campaign? extremely pleased?
s digital currency. As well as improving her standing in the community, Salani believes being part of the scheme has been positive for business growth as she sees those who first came in with friends for free coffees returning as paid customers. As well as reducing bureaucracy, this will enable them to engage online businesses in offering rewardsAt Al Ponte, one coin earns users a free second coffee. ? highly variable? results. she says.
He spoke on what his government is doing to give a new face to cities and improve quality life of its citizens. The Chief Minister was addressing public meetings to campaign for BJP candidates in various talukas of Nanded, Bhandara and Gondia district for the remaining phases of Municipal Council and Nagar Panchayat polls. Fadnavis also released BJPs manifesto for Municipal Council elections.
Unlike her sister Kareena Kapoor Khan, Karisma Kapoor has always been a private person. The two started dating admist Karisma' s bitter divorce from ex- husband Sanjay Kapur. But it seems that is a matter of the past as Karisma was recently spotted with Sandeep at Bebo' s house.
. Mamata took to social media to express her " deep sorrow" over the common man' s ordeal and claimed that the Narendra Modi led central government' s demonetization decision had " drastically affected about 5 Crore workers in the country" . " According to reports, around 1.
While the currency is all in the scrapped denomination of Rs 500 and Rs 1, 000, the gold recovered is about 245 kilograms. 23 crore and gold weighing 19. 65 crore and 25. At the Patna airport, cash amounting to Rs 1. 14 crore and gold weighing 800 grams was recovered between November 19 and December 4.
Also Read: Unusual Syrian activist killed in an airstrikeThe situation is so grave that the residents have given up and are ready to die. # SaveAleppo# SaveHumanitypic. twitter. Final message - I am very sad no one is helping us in this world, no one is evacuating me & my daughter. I am crying. https: / / t. co/ YameIrLdyP
Police said the assault on the girl first took place in July 2016 when the accused, identified as 40- year- old Sajid Khan, a resident of Shaheen Bagh area, raped the victim in his flat. The victim? She met Khan through her classmate, the police said. ? the officer said.
18, 000. said RBS Tyagi, director veterinary department, SDMC. Besides, the animal lovers also add to the problem by filing police complaints against corporations and monkey catchers when the simians are caught in ones and twos, not troops. ? s the last thing we can do to attract monkey catchers, ? said a senior SDMC official. s wildlife department.
2016 marks the 13th anniversary of Santa Speedo Run in Budapest. This year too Budapest will see dozens of naked Santas hit the streets to support the foundation and the children selected for this year' s event.
he added. The e- toll machine installed at the toll plaza will read the ID card at a distance of 100 metres and automatically deduct the amount from person? ? s account, ? But the technology is based on electronic payment and I doubt how prepared the corporation is, to popularise the concept , ? an official said.
Shukla said. ? The leopard that was spotted at the Yamuna Biodiversity Park last month was released in the Shivalik ranges at Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh on Monday. We were mulling over releasing it in the Hastinapur area of Meerut but decided against doing so after taking into consideration few adverse reports and to avoid conflicts over territory, ? .
Perhaps young people have their own quests and priorities. Wang Jianlin, 62, founder and chairman of Dalian Wanda Group Co, whose business includes shopping malls, theme parks, sports clubs and cinemas, said he is most likely to pick from a group of professional managers to take over the running of his business. " I have asked my son about the succession plan, and he said he does not want to live a life like I do, " Wang was quoted as saying by Hong Kongs South- China Morning Post at China Entrepreneurs Summit. " Wang, who visited India and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi had committed to invest about USD 10 billion in a Chinese project in Haryana.
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, considered one of the finest minds in his party, today called the banning of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes a " scam" and claimed it has broken the back of the poor. " I am affected.
Bengaluru, Dec 13 ( PTI) Unearthing a racket involved in illegal conversion of demonetised notes, the ED has arrested seven alleged middlemen and seized Rs 93 lakh in new currency in Karnataka as part of its money laundering probe. Rs 93 lakh in new notes of Rs 2000 have been seized in the case, they added. Officials said the action was taken as part of a probe in a case where the Income Tax department had recently seized Rs 5.
Rs 93 lakh in new currency was found with the middlemen after multiple government agencies raided them. He was produced before a special court in Bengaluru which has sent him to six days of CBI custody for questioning. Also read: Demonetisation the biggest scam of 2016: Former Finance Minister P ChidambaramBlack money crackdown: Rs 60 crore cash, 245 kg gold seized from 10 airports since demonetisationTamil Nadu: New notes worth Rs 24 crore seized in Vellore, total recovery rises to Rs 166 crore
The 2, 000- rupee bills, added Gurumurthy, only aimed at replacing the void 500 and 1, 000 notes. " In the first indication of the government' s future policy on currency, a top RSS ideologue consulted in decision- making has told India Today that the new 2, 000- rupee notes would also be phased out gradually in the years to come. Obviously. . NO DEMONITISATION BUT REMONETISATION" Gurumurthy described the new 2, 000 bills as a " bridge" to meet the gap in cash while it is being taken out of circulation. If anything remains, like 5- 10 to 20% notes, they will say, in next one month or so, you change your Rs 2, 000 notes for Rs 500 notes, " he said.
The Robinson R44 Astro helicopter had crashed on Sunday afternoon, killing Captain PK Mishra and critically injuring three others. Pilot' s conversation with ATCBesides the pilot, others on board were the helicopter' s technician and a Borivali- based couple who had booked an aerial joyride to celebrate their wedding anniversary. A team of Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau ( AAIB) , the apex aircraft investigation body, today reached the helicopter crash site in the Aarey jungle, in Goregaon. The team is investigating how exactly did the chopper crash land and if there was a defect in any part of the helicopter.
After Spain ( 68 per cent) , UAE ( 68 per cent) , Malaysia ( 67 per cent) and South Korea ( 64 per cent) , India is ranked as the fourth most vacation deprived country globally, " according to Expedia Vacation Deprivation report 2016. The report also found that 27 per cent Indians did not take vacations as they found it difficult to coordinate time with their spouse or family and 32 per cent felt personal schedule did not allow them. It was conducted among 9, 424 employed adults aged 18 years of age and older across 28 countries.
The Delhi Durbar on December 12, 1911 was marked as a celebration of the coronation of King Emperor George V. Delhi had witnessed two such durbars before, in 1877 and 1903, but the Delhi Durbar of 1911 assumed unusual importance as King George V announced the shifting of British India' s capital from Calcutta to Delhi. It was on this day, 100 years ago, that an event changed the course of Delhi' s history forever. As chronicled by HT over the past year in the series New Delhi 100, Delhi in 1911 was just a small town in the Punjab province, still recovering from the wounds inflicted on it by the British regime after the uprising of 1857. The new capital and its imposing buildings would come to define Delhi for the next 100 years.
By the time the raids were over, Rs 1. In addition, he also manages an educational society called St Wilfred Educational Society, which runs the St Wilfred' s PG College in Jaipur. 56 crore in cash and jewellery worth Rs 50 lakh had been seized from the bank' s premises. The Chief Executive Officer of a Jaipur co- operative bank went missing after officials of the Income- Tax department swooped down on several of its branches.
( Also read: Mumbai Test: Virat Kohli 235, R Ashwin 12/ 167 give India historic series win over England) " It was the first time I was trying to calm things down at a time when Anderson involved. You know how Ashwin is, to the point he can really strike you well without using bad words. Later on, I told James these things happen and it is time to move on, " Kohli showed that he is ready to put an end to the controversy. Ashwin was not pleased with whatever he had said in the press ( yesterday) . That' s exactly what happened.
More than a month after demonetisation was launched, the Narendra Modi government will make attempts to sensitise the minorities about the merits of cashless economy. Minority Affairs Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi today said the Centre will organise massive cashless chaupals in areas with significant population of minority communities.
The letter was received by the office of the general manager of Eastern Railway. According to sources, the handwritten letter sent via speed post allegedly asks railways to pay Rs 50 crore, failing which it threatens to blow up major stations under the Eastern Railway. The chief security commissioner immediately took the matter up with the state administration and security has been beefed up across major stations, " said RN Mahapatra, chief public relations officer with the Eastern Railway.
Wishing you a long life filled with good health. " ALSO READ: Why Rajinikanth is the last superstar of India ALSO READ: Rajinikanth mourns Jayalalithaa' s death, asks fans not to celebrate 66th birthdayRajinikanth, who has starred in hits like Sivaji and Chandramukhi, has requested his fans not to celebrate his birthday as a token of respect for the former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, who passed away last week. Happy Bâ? pic. Day Thalaivaa pic.
The land to the international star will be provided by the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited ( HSIIDC) at Manesar in Gurgaon district, 45 km from New Delhi. ( Also read: Saina Nehwal hints at abrupt end to career)
Hopefully he continues to bat like this. Kohli now averages more than 50 in all three formats of the game and is the only player in the world at the moment to do so. His technique looks so good. As is the custom these days, whenever Kohli comes out to bat he breaks  a plethora of records and today was no exception. ( Mumbai Test: India eye victory after Kohli' s 235) Ganguly also praised Jayant Yadav, who struck his maiden Test hundred today and scored 104 runs in a 241- run partnership with Kohli for the eighth wicket.
Pulkit holds over an 18 years of industry experience covering sales, business development & partnerships for Indian and multinational technology companies such as Google, Intel, Microsoft, IBM and HCL. Before joining Facebook, Pulkit was working as the  head of industry, e- commerce at Google India since April 2012. Bedi replaced Kirthiga Reddy who now sits at company' s Menlo- based headquarter.
Satinder, this is unacceptable ( sic) , " he tweeted. New Delhi, Dec 11 ( PTI) Following reports about shortage of ventilators in Delhi government- run hospitals, Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today pulled up Health Minister Satyendar Jain who in turn sought to shift the blame onto Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, accusing the Health Secretary appointed by him of not reaching the hospital to deal with a case of medical negligence citing unavailability of car. He refused to come saying unavailability of car" . Shameful.
clean sticker? . in which cars with odd or even registration plates are banned from cities ? ? Air ( air criteria) stickers will be large enough for the police to see at a distance and will indicate the age of the vehicle, its engine and cleanliness on a scale of one to six. superbonus scheme?
A part of cyclone Vardah hit the Tamil Nadu coast on Monday afternoon, with winds touching 90 kmph and killing four people, while the central part of it is the process of crossing, authorities said. Tamil Nadu: Army personnel conduct rescue and relief operations in Chennai as heavy rainfall and strong winds lash the city # CycloneVardahpic. twitter. com/ yPd9KPGilfNDRF closely monitoring situation, teams already prepositioned in Andhra Pradesh: RK Pachnanda DG, NDRF # cyclonevardahpic. # cyclonevardahpic. Circle office     9440817468Nellore town   0861- 2327660Nellore rural    0861- 2347272Kavali             9490615338, 08626- 243578Gudur            08624- 223783
Tata Industries promotes Tata' s entry into new businesses and invests in operating companies to facilitate growth. Several companies, including Tata Motors, Tata Power, Tata Steel, hold equity in the company. The boardroom battle between Tata Sons and its former chairman refuses to end with Cyrus Mistry being removed as the director of Tata Industries. Sources said that the Tata Sons has appealed to the shareholders of the companies under the Tata Group to remove Mistry from the board, saying his presence as a director " is likely to lead to fragmentation of the Tata Group" .
I enjoyed watching Root and Bairstow bat. India had a lead of 51 at the start of the fourth day but an eighth- wicket stand between Virat Kohli, who scored 235, and Jayant Yadav extended that advantage to 231. " Coming to the ground this morning, needing to get three wickets with them 50 ahead, if we could get them we are still well in the game. " It is immensely frustrating, " Anderson said. "
Peshawar, Dec 11 ( PTI) A 29- year- old woman from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa has become the first Pakistani female to join the Bomb Disposal Unit ( BDU) in the restive province that frequently witnesses terror attacks. During her training, she will learn about the types of bombs, their identification and ways to defuse them. She then pursued another masters degree in Economics and worked at International Rescue Committee where she developed a passion for law and enrolled in an LLB programme that is currently under way. These were the declared red zones at that time.
immaculate work. A4 folder. 02pm GMT   1. 1. Updated at 1. It took a mistake from Garath McAuley and a storming finish from Diego Costa to decide the match, and Chelsea have now won nine league matches in a row. 41pm GMT 13: 41  85 min Cahill? Oh no! t look good. 04pm GMT 13: 04  49 min Kante is booked for a late tackle on Dawson. There is so much to admire about them and their manager. While I take umbrage with your assertion that Hazard is the best player in ? That? says Anthony Webb. ?
In a fresh round of mudslinging between the Tata Sons and Cyrus Mistry, the latter has dragged the conglomerate in the AgustaWestland scam. Cyrus Mistry, who was unceremoniously removed as group' s chairman, has claimed that Tata Sons director Vijay Singh played ' a key role' in the AgustaWestland scam. WATCH:
Sangeet # 12yrsago . WATCH Baywatch teaser- trailer: Priyanka Chopra looks HOT as hell, but spot her if you canSEE PIC: Meet Adira, Rani Mukerji- Aditya Chopra' s baby daughter on her first birthdayRecently, Farah Khan shared a throwback photo of the actor dancing with Rani Mukerji at the Happy New Year director' s sangeet. . shirish n i in @ manishmalhotra05A photo posted by @ farahkhankunder on Dec 9, 2016 at 7: 55pm PST ð? ?
A host of B- Town celebrities like Amitabh Bachchan, Juhi Chawla and Govinda wished the actor on Twitter. Wishing peace and good heath to one of the greatest stars of the Indian screen ð? . ! ? ð?
Lakhanpal joined Captain Amarinder Singh in bringing in 50, 000 people from states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar for campaigning. " Besides Colonel CM Lakhanpal, PK Sharma, Colonel Iqbal Pannu and Barpur, leaders who have played an significant role in the organisational matters of AAP have also quit the party to join the Congress. " The party that once had corruption as its main plank now had more than 60 of the party candidates with not so clean background. OTHERS WHO HAVE JOINED CONGRESSGroup coordinator, PK Sharma ( grandson of Pt Ramgopal Sharma) , District Congress President, Sangrur.
It is to help people at the first level to zero in on the option most suitable for them that depends on person whether he has feature phone or not, Aadhaar number or not, bank account so many combination need to be seen, " Chandrashekhar added. It is fairly advance stage of operation, " IT body Nasscom President R Chandrashekar told PTI. " It is awareness with intention of conversion in actual transaction.
An adventurer by profession, she also runs a travel group called Women Beyond Boundaries. On December 11 ( Sunday) , the 36- year- old will embark on yet another solo drive, of around 5000 km from the capital city to the middle of Siberia, reports Conde Nast Traveller. But it seems like her thirst for adventure knows no bounds.
The Narendra Modi administration and Bihar Government are at loggerheads, yet again. In fact in the letter, Nitish Kumar had question the intent of the Central government in providing any kind of financial assistance to Bihar to deal with the huge losses the state has suffered due to recent floods which has affected several districts. It may be noted that the Bihar government at present has Rs 1, 859 crore in the State Disaster Fund and the Centre has directed it to spend this amount first as relief and rehabilitation for flood victims and compensation to farmers for crop losses. Also read: More than 33 lakh people affected in Bihar floods, toll reaches 95It is only after this strongly worded letter was shot to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh that a central team had come to Bihar on 11- 12 November to take stock and assess damage caused to the state because of floods.
New Delhi, Dec 10 ( PTI) Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwals following on Twitter today crossed 10 million, further cementing his position as the second most followed Indian politician. 4 million followers. His videos are also being watched by a huge audience on YouTube, " an AAP volunteer said.
! Airport officials were anxious as Vice President Hamid Ansari' s flight was about to land. An aircraft of the Chief Minister of Odisha Naveen Patnaik was pushed and pulled on the runway of an airport by the security personnel in the four wheeler style ! Watch the video here: Vice President and Chief Minister had visited Rourkela for Inaugurating and attending the opening ceremony of Grameen Hockey Championship of the state being held to  mark the centenary celebrations founder of Biju Janata Dal and former Chief Minister of Odisha Biju Patnaik.
Birthday wishes to Rashtrapati Ji. We are proud to have such a well read and knowledgeable President, " he said. Pranab Da always puts India' s interest above everything. Born at Mirati in West Bengal on December 11, 1935, Mukherjee assumed office as the 13th President of India on July 25, 2012, crowning a political career of over five decades of exemplary service to the nation in government as well as Parliament. It will include a section of the red embroidered canopy prepared for the 1911 Delhi Durbar of King George VI.
he confirmed. AK Shukla, chief wildlife warden, who has also been entrusted the case of the leopard, told HT that the wild cat was caught outside the forest area near the banks of the Yamuna . When the animal was caught, scientists observed that its belly was flattened as if it had not eaten for a few days. politically motivated? step. ? he said. she asked. What will you do if more leopards come to the park?
. New Delhi, Dec 8 ( PTI) Dismissing the petition against demonetisation, Karnataka High Court has upheld certain restrictions that accompanied the decision saying they are matters for central government and RBI to decide. In his order, Justice Ashok B Hinchigeri observed that " laudable objectives" to tackle the menaces of fake currency notes, black money and terrorism cannot be achieved without imposing restrictions. " As and when the difficulties are noticed in the course of implementing the policy, the necessary remedial measures have to be taken, " it said.
That has been the kind of magic the Indian megastar managed to weave on television. Also read: Don' t Miss: Amitabh Bachchan, Shatrughan Sinha come together for Yaaron Ki BaraatBut the show has had quite long breaks between seasons. The last season was aired in 2014, and we have missed the game show, and its inimitable host.
A fresh seizure of Rs 24 crore cash in new notes was today made by the Income Tax department, adding to the biggest haul of cash and gold post demonetisation, in which over Rs 142 crore unaccounted assets have been recovered in tax operations so far here. During the search, Rs 96. 89 crore cash in old high denomination notes and Rs 9. ALSO READ | Bengaluru: In India' s biggest seizure since Nov 8, Rs 5. 7 crore found - all in new Rs 2000 notes The big I- T raid in Bengaluru: Inside storySEARCHES STILL IN PROGRESSIt had added that the searches are " still in progress at four out of the total 8 premises and more specific details including modus operandi would emerge after examination of the documents and other evidence detected during the search. "
Disney World and two outsourcing companies have been slapped with a federal lawsuit by two of its former technology staff, alleging that they conspired to displace American workers with cheaper foreign labour brought to the US on H- 1B visas, mostly from India. Don' t forget much harder when a company announced a year and a half ago - some of these companies, like Carrier, they announced long before I even knew I was going to be running for president, " Trump said. We' ll do it, " he said, adding that the Trump administration will stop the violence that is " spilling across our border. " We will put an end to illegal immigration and stop the drugs from pouring into our country, the drugs are pouring into our country, poisoning our youth and plenty of other people, " he said. " OK?
The focus of the rally remained demonetisation, cashless economy and Digital India. Prime Minister Narendra Modi  today addressed a farmer' s rally in Banaskantha in Deesa, Gujarat. Modi said that the people supported demonetisation, and the move will end black money and corruption. Modi also inaugurated Rs 350 crore cheese plant at Banaskantha.
The channel has been asked to prove that the recording was from the passenger cabin of the ill fated aircraft and provide evidence of how the audio was recorded and sent to the channel from the plane. Islamabad, Dec 8 ( PTI) Pakistans electronic media watchdog today issued a notice to a TV channel for airing an unauthentic audio clip of crashed PIA PK- 661 flight and asked it to explain by December 15 why action should not be taken against it. Upon receiving multiple reports against Channel 24, PEMRA lodged an inquiry.
Foreign Secretary S Jaishankar who was speaking at the first India- China Think- Tanks Forum on Friday send out a message to Beijing stressing that civilian nuclear energy technology is key to India' s growth said that China must not give a political colour to India' s aspirations for a seat on the 48 member elite Nuclear Suppliers Group,   " The broad basing of the nuclear technology control group is also helpful to a more representative international order. As diverse and pluralistic societies, we both face threats from fundamentalist terrorism. Even on sovereignty, surely there can be more sensitivity and understanding, " said Jaishankar
Also Read: Jayalalithaa' s house opens to public with lot of restrictions According to her estranged niece, it was only when an article was published in a local Tamil magazine in 2014, that Jayalalithaa did not want her family to be known to the media. It was a leader belonging to the DMK who took us to see her. They kept avoiding us. Things were different before, said Amruttha. " When we went over there, the police said that she was not there and was being treated elsewhere, " she said. But at that moment if anyone entered the room she would remain silent, she would not speak but would cut the call.
WATCH: READ| Tabu to play Indrani Mukerjea in film adaptation of Sheena Bora murder case? READ| Peter Mukerjea was misled by Indrani completely unbelievable, says Bombay High CourtPETER WANTS A LAPTOP Peter Mukherjea has sought the court' s permission for a laptop as it was getting difficult for him to pen down the manuscript. Addressing the court he said, " Your honour my first choice is a laptop and if not then an electronic typewriter and if not then I will sit in office of jail officials and write it if the officials are ok with it. " Meanwhile, CBI advocate Kavita Patil has objected to his demands terming them against jail manual.
Also read: Demonetisation a mammoth tragedy: Manmohan Singh" After Kallol' s death due to stroke, I visited the family of the victim and told them that the post held by the late Kallol Roychoudhury will now be held by his wife, Seema Roychoudhury. I have to nurture my child all by myself which is a huge responsibility. After the CM' s announcement, Partha Sarkar came and said that my job has been approved and I am very happy about it. We cannot thank her enough. Her kindness is exemplified by her actions.
Writing in his blog, Justice Katju had criticised the Supreme Court judges saying that they committed an error in judgement in dispensing the case. According to the prosecution, Govindachamy also jumped off the train and took an injured Soumya to a nearby forest and raped her. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. WATCH:
In 10- 15 days, it will all be over, " Rohatgi told a three- judge Supreme Court bench, which is hearing a number of petitions challenging the note ban. NO CASH IN BANKS, ATMs: PETITIONERS Appearing on behalf of the petitioner, noted lawyer Prashant Bhusan argued that there was no preparation fro m the government to deal with the impending situation caused by demonetisation. " Last week, the apex court had asked the government to see if something could be done to lessen troubles people were going through since demonetisation was announced on November 8. On cash withdrawals, the court asked the Centre to spell out the limit of cash an account holder can withdraw as it was told that though the government said each account holder can withdraw up to Rs 24, 000 per week, the banks were instead giving them only Rs 8, 000 to Rs 10, 000. Also read: Demonetisation: What about cooperative banks, Supreme Court asks government
We would also like to add that we are cooperating with the investigating agencies. " # 2 Early this week, the Enforcement Directorate arrested two managers of the Kashmere Gate branch for converting Rs 40 crore black money into white. Responding to the latest allegations, Axis Bank spokesperson said, " The bank is committed to following the highest standards of corporate governance and has zero tolerance towards any deviation on the part of any of its employees from the set model code of conduct. 5 crore in new notes.
The Supreme Court has relaxed rules for the differently- abled and clarified that the doors will not be bolted when the National Anthem is played in cinema halls. The doors would be closed, but not bolted.
It was only after, Hoffman gave an initial order of 1000 units of the 300 Gullwing' s that the Mercedes management approved it. 08 crore3. Cost: Rs 2. 65 crore4. 30 crore- Rs 4. 1925 Sunbeam TigerThe Sunbeam Tiger was built by Sunbeam of Wolverhampton and was an open wheel race car which could participate in both land speed record holder and circuit- racing. 95 crore 5.
The lawsuit was lodged in the Swiss court by FNV on behalf of Bangladeshi migrant worker Nadim Sharaful Alam, who asked for compensation for damages, Sputnik. " The Swiss court is asked to rule that FIFA acted wrongfully by selecting Qatar for the World Cup 2022 without demanding the assurance that Qatar observes fundamental human and labour rights of migrant construction workers, including the abolition of the Kafala system, " FNV said in a statement, as quoted by The Guardian on Thursday.
So sure, consumer sales are down. They are down 25- 30 per cent. New Delhi, Dec 7 ( PTI) Consumer sales have seen a 25- 30 per cent hit in past few weeks due to twin impact of demonetisation and seasonal slowdown post Diwali, countrys third largest handset maker Micromax said today. Its not that the market collapsed, it has become a little difficult, " he said, adding that the company is offering higher credits to distributors to help tide over the situation. .
he said. Delhi Metro? Rajeev Ranjan, who was about to board the same train at Patel Nagar station told HT that initially it started with minor sparks seen from top of the coach. s Blue Line ? DMRC said in a statement later. ? Read More: Is Delhi Metro?
Even a woman was asked to remove her black petticoat to attend the CM' s meeting held earlier at Bargarh, " Panda alleged adding that she came to know about the incident of November 25 from media reports. IS THIS RESPECT TOWARDS WOMEN? ALSO READ: Egg hurled at Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik during public event " I felt disrespected and humiliated at the meeting held by the chief minister, " Panda said as the ruling party members continued to disrupt her speech.
For God' s sake, do your job. You are meant to transact business in Parliament, " Mukherjee said while delivering the Defence Estate Day Lecture 2016 on ' Reforms for a stronger Democracy' in New Delhi. It is totally unacceptable. "
her client in the media, after the WikiLeaks founder released a statement detailing answers he gave to Swedish investigators. . violating? Assange has made no secret of his contempt for the Swedish prosecutor, but his decision to release his side of the story appears calculated to place further pressure on Ny to end the stalemate in the case, either by issuing a rape charge ? ? Since then, Assange has repeatedly asked to be allowed to tell his side of the story to prosecutors, but until recently they insisted he come to Sweden for questioning. t be bothered to tell him one more time because she had been going on about the condom all night. of photos of Assange. and he answered: ? she couldn? Assange said.
Announcing steps to promote digital payments following the banning of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes, the government said payment by cards for petrol and diesel will enjoy a discount of 0. 75 per cent.
s ethic of decency, German media reported. Germany? s highest court has ruled that ultra- conservative Muslim girls must take part in mixed swimming classes at school, finding against an 11- year- old pupil who had argued that even wearing a burkini, or full- body swimsuit, breached Islamic dress codes. to define appropriate clothing.
Spreading disinformation was ? he said. ? The means of communication have their own temptations, they can be tempted by slander, and therefore used to slander people, to smear them, this above all in the world of politics, ? conspiracy theory, which led to a self- radicalised gunman discharging his weapon in a popular pizza restaurant in Washington DC on Sunday, was spread with the help of fake news stories falsely accusing the owners of being part of a nonexistent paedophile ring with supposed ties to Hillary Clinton. coprophilia? The pope?
Pramod got angry and brought a blade to chop off the legs of the puppy, said a senior police officer. ? Surender Kumar ( @ surenderkr_ ips) December 7, 2016 https: / / t. co/ HHgFENRhrT?
Trump expressed his happiness calling his POY title a ' great honour' which means a ' lot to him' . After winning the US presidency last month in a stunning upheaval, he has now been elected as the 2016 TIME Person of the Year ( POY) , a recognition that is considered a global benchmark. If we see those comments, Trump' s reaction today sounds like a plain lie.
So, I did not. " He was not feeling any kind of tension, " Raina, who cracked 55 in a 140 run- stand for the third wicket with Sehwag, said while addressing the ' India Today Mind Rocks Youth Summit' here. Swashbuckling India opener Virender Sehwag was singing songs of Kishore Kumar during the course of his record 149- ball 219- run knock against the West Indies in the fourth ODI in Indore, his team- mate Suresh Raina said. " We are doing well.
red alert? very poor? severe? 5 is expected to touch 200g/ m³ , ? Cold winds from the Indo- Gangetic plains are bringing in pollution to the Delhi region and as a result air is getting fouler. In the morning, the 24- hour rolling average of PM10 and PM2. ?
ED said its sleuths are " also checking those accounts that have shown suspicious transactions after demonetisation. The agency said it is keeping a watch on those accounts in which huge amount of money has been deposited post demonetisation. The teams inquired the accounts where sudden spike in deposits and thereafter corresponding transfers have taken place. " Multiple teams of the ED, accompanied by auditors from the Department of Financial Services in the Finance Ministry, swooped early morning at these branches of at least 10 banks, both in the private and public sector, to " unearth huge deviation in the pattern of deposits after November 8. "
Sisodia said. Now, the principals will be able to appoint retired teachers of government schools for such vacancies, ? ? officials said. deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia told HT.
Stacks of scrapped Rs 500 and Rs 1, 000 notes are being used for various purposes. While some are making stationary like calendars, paper weights, files and boards, some are planning to use it in construction of roads. Some people give it a second look because they think it is incredible. IT HAPPENS ONLY IN KOLKATAOld notes are now etched in sugar and chocolate forever, all thanks to a Kolkata- based bakery' s creative twist to the demonetisation move.
Rio was awarded the Games in 2009 amid Brazil' s booming economy at the time and a different set of expectations by the IOC before the political crisis and the sharp financial downturn changed organisers' plans. Were they perfect? No. " We are right on target when you consider the money that was spent for these Games, " Dubi said.
75 lakh crore last year on higher education. Inquisitiveness among them should be promoted, he said. Human Resource Development ( HRD) Minister has said the standard of education in the country has registered a significant improvement due to the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan which had started during the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government' s tenure. There is need to strengthen research infrastructure. In the days to come, there will be reduction in the number of those going abroad, he said. EDUCATION A NATIONAL AGENDAJavadekar said education is not a political agenda.
KFC New Zealand has just launched a limited edition of scented candles which are going to fill your home with the drool worthy aroma of chicken. Keen? # KFCAdventCalendar
s demonetisation drive. hindustantimes. house_ headline { width: auto; font- family: " Open Sans" ; margin- bottom: 1px; font- size: 150% } . s what the land owning agency is offering in different parts of Delhi under the scheme, whose launch date has not been announced due to the demonetisation drive WHAT YOU MAY HAVE TO PAY UNDER DIFFERENT CATEGORIESFAQsHow much does the brochure cost? ? . However, you are not eligible to apply if you already own a flat or plot in your or your spouse/ child? freehold allotment? five- year lock- in?
? The filmmaker was talking on the sidelines of launch of an advertisement video he created for Quaker Oats? t much to say, ? Even as he agrees that one cannot deny the existence of nepotism in Bollywood, filmmaker Neeraj Ghaywan, who bagged the National Award for his debut film Masaan, believes the issue has been blown ? I agree that we need acknowledge that it exists and there is a certain set of privileges that these actors enjoy. he added.
utterly baseless, malicious and mischievous? a report about casualties of Indian soldiers in Sikkim due to military action with another country. ?
Following the girl' s complaint, the police have booked the man under Section 376 ( punishment for rape) and and various sections of Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act. On the next day, the man left the girl on streets and threatened of dire consequences if she mentioned about his advances to anyone. The minor girl alleged that she was raped by the unidentified man repeatedly. The girls were found critically injured by their family members the next day.
READ | ? Tiger Woods has dropped outside the top 1, 000 players in the world for the first time in his professional career, latest rankings showed Monday. Woods, whose attempts to resurrect his career have been scuttled by a series of operations on his back since 2014, has made only one top- 20 finish in the past two seasons. This year Woods?
India should get ready for an ? China isn? war? s points of view on the current impasse and peddle China? If India stirs up conflicts in several spots, it must face the consequence of an all- out confrontation with China along the entire LAC, ? ? The article mentioned China? s territory.
a transport official said. ? The government has already received in- principle approval for its share from the fund from the ministry of home affairs. Besides, the need for cameras at bus stops apart from buses was cited by the MHA only, ? the official added.
Chinese economy is slowing down. 3 percent in 2018. " 5 per cent in the following fiscal year. Writing in the June edition of the Global Economic Prospects, the The World Bank analysts said, " In India, recent data indicate an acceleration in growth, with an easing of cash shortages and a rise in exports. According to the World Bank, the policy uncertainty in the United States and Europe is likely to impact Chinese growth rate more adversely. Also read: China flexing muscle?
Shami? s residence, reported ABP. Champions Trophy 2017: Mohammed Shami loses cool over ? Baap Kaun Hai? s driver, and as matters looked like getting out of hands Shami got out of the car to act as a peace maker.
Welfare Association, a residents? body. However, the practice was discontinued after the Allahabad high court abolished toll collection on the flyway from October 26, 2016, following a Public Interest Litigation ( PIL) filed by the Federation of Noida Residents? However, sources said that the chief legal advisor of the Noida authority has raised objections to the proposal, on the basis that booths cannot be handed over to MCD as the area comes under Uttar Pradesh and MCD cannot be made a party to it. ? Sinha said.
The case was registered against him late tonight. Pune, Jul 17 ( PTI) Congress leader Rohit Tilak, who is the great- grandson of Bal Gangadhar Tilak, was today booked for allegedly raping a woman and forcing her into " unnatural" sex, the police said.
s ( MU? extreme harassment of examiners? After Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao, who also serves as chancellor of the public universities in the state, took cognisance of the issue and asked the MU to declare results by July 30, the university tried to speed up the process. threatening? Many of us are yet to be allotted CAP centres, ? ?
The corporator, Sheetal Mhatre, tabled a proposal in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) , demanding that government, semi- government and private organisations grant leave to women employees on the first day of their periods. Mhatre? Dr Nandita Shah, co- director at Akshara, said, ? ? Shah also said that with menstrual leave becoming compulsory, employers will not be interested in hiring women. READ What?
Rozario told HT: ? Patricia Rozario, a Mumbai- born soprano of Goa origin, will lead the first full opera production by an Indian cast at the Royal Opera House in Mumbai this week, marking a new high in India? Since 2006, Rozario and Troop have been training teachers and students in India in western music singing under an initiative called Giving Voice Society. ? liquid gold?
reminisces Sunidhi. In India, the success stories of singers Sunidhi Chauhan and Shreya Ghoshal, who were discovered as child artistes on reality shows, are the benchmarks that every parent with a talented child aspires towards. s ? ? t considered to be a credible career choice, my talent was given the importance that made my family and others sit up and notice, ? he says. And I think it? They should judge the environment where they are sending their kids and ensure that their child is able to withstand the long working hours that these shoots sometimes entail, ? cuteness? says Shekhar. Cameras click wherever they go. s play.
While Esha steered away from sharing photos from the babymoon all this while, the Dhoom actor finally shared one photo from her picture- perfect babymoon. Esha Deol looks cute with her hubby as they do a maternity shoot in Greece # instadaily # instagood # bollywood # eshadeol # momtobe # pregnant # girlA post shared by Manav Manglani ( @ manav. I would suggest that every parents- to- be get a maternity shoot done to smile over with their child in later years" she added. 30 am the light is best. "
? he added. Addressing e- rickshaw drivers at an event organised by the government for the payment of subsidy to them, Kejriwal said there was a need to reduce the number of diesel and petrol- run vehicles to check pollution. The subsidy of Rs 15, 000 and Rs 30, 000 is intended to promote these eco- friendly three- wheelers mostly used by commuters for short distances or last mile connectivity. prevent duplicacy?
said Sandeep. s death, Sandeep, his wife and his mother took up the initiative to plant 2, 000 saplings in Aarey. The saplings planted 17 years ago have borne fruits today and the area is home to one of the largest biodiversity sites at Aarey, ? The moment you seek publicity, the cause is bound to get buried. ? s efforts. club. said Biju Augustine, an Aarey resident.
Energy minister live? The Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Limited ( MSPGCL) suspended a senior engineer for allegedly posting an obscene picture on a WhatsApp group, of which energy minister Chandrashekhar Bawankule is a member. He said this was the first time such an incident had occurred in the firm? ? he said.
Shatrujeet Kapoor, chairman- cum- managing director of Haryana? Kapoor said. he added. ? s claims of urban Gurgaon getting uninterrupted power supply, Animesh Saxena, president of Udyog Vihar Industry Association, said, ? If it happens due to a local fault, it is their ( the discom? s promise that Gurgaon will be free of power cuts and get 24x7 electricity supply from August 15 got a new twist on Sunday.
The family took both Pande and the woman to a government hospital. The woman was unconscious when she was admitted. ? s intestine. said Shrinivas Panhale, senior inspector, Bhandup police station.
Delhi Metro? The corridors of IIT will be decorated with artefacts depicting the struggle of students in coping with new technologies. This section from Botanical Garden till Kalkaji Mandir, which will be opened in next two months, consists of nine elevated stations ? ? he said. Botanical Garden, Okhla Bird sanctuary, Kalindi Kunj, Jasola Vihar Shaheen Bagh, Okhla Vihar, Jamia Milia Islamia, Sukhdev Vihar, Okhla NSIC and Kalkaji Mandir.
It is necessary to develop students competencies in science and English along with math and other languages, ? 3% , while it was 25. The government has decided to test students in science and English ( third language) as surveys show that students are weak in these subjects. s world. ? he added. 9% nationally.
It? The decision was taken after deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia, who holds the finance portfolio, held a meeting with senior officers of the trade and taxes department on the implementation of the GST last week. ? Officials said while the department is making efforts to ensure all eligible traders are enrolled under the GST, the number of overall registered traders is likely to be corrected due to several reasons. Prasad said. GST help vans?
wasting? Under these circumstances and with the upcoming rainy season that may aggravate an already fragile situation, the capacity of the most vulnerable population to access sufficient food in the long- term is severally undermined and will depend on the humanitarian assistance in the near future. Regardless, Myanmar said last month it will refuse entry to members of a United Nations investigation focusing on allegations of killings, rape and torture by security forces against Rohingya Muslims. the WFP report said. ? in Rakhine state.
The figures were the latest provided by the Observatory since March when it said 320, 000 people, including 96, 000 civilians, had been killed. In its latest report, the Observatory said a total of 116, 774 members of the regime forces or regime supporters have been killed in Syria since the conflict began. s infrastructure and displaced millions of people, more than half of Syria? s population.
s now- deleted photo of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. After receiving a complaint on our Twitter handle, we took swift action and registered an? ? said cyber expert Ritesh Bhatia. A screenshot of the post will suffice initially, but the court will need Twitter officials to verify the photograph as the accused had used their platform, ? Some experts alleged selective action.
s first intercontinental ballistic missile test earlier this month. Monday? s leader, Kim Jong- un. Cho stressed that Seoul ? The Red Cross said it hoped for a positive response from its counterpart in the North; mooted family reunions in early October would be the first in two years. The South? Moon, who took power in May, has advocated dialogue with the nuclear- armed North as a means of bringing it to the negotiating table and vowed to play a more active role in global efforts to tame the South? ?
Donald Trump? On Sunday, Trump? s eldest son almost two weeks before a meeting between Trump Jr and a Russian lawyer promising compromising information on Hillary Clinton was made public. Trump himself told reporters on Wednesday he had only been made aware of the 2016 meeting, which occurred in Trump Tower, ? rating. s US Open. ? . legal consulting? Very cool!
Bangsamoro Basic Law? MILF chairman Murad Ebrahim told the same gathering, referring to the Marawi gunmen. ? Duterte hopes the promise of autonomy will persuade Filipino Muslims to reject the Islamic State group, whose followers still control parts of Marawi after nearly two months of fighting that had left more than 500 people dead. Santiago said both the MILF and MNLF helped to draft the new self- rule bill giving all sides optimism about its passage. Santiago added.
Generally, I find that I am a very emotional person. A lot of my decisions are based on idealism and probably, I should have listened to them, " he told CNBC TV18. Murthy, who had infamous run- ins with the current management led by Vishal Sikka over corporate governance issues, however, said he did not miss being in the campus daily. Murthy, by then, was serving a second stint at Infosys as Chairman.
Saif quipped. # IIFA2017 pic. Nepotism rocks? ? . disappointing? Karan and Saif, who were hosting the gala, revisited the much- talked about issue that started in Bollywood when Queen star Kangana Ranaut branded Karan as a ? https: / / t. co/ PiDohiM7nm pic.
Chinese fan Wenjing Zhang aka Viki with her idol, actor Aamir Khan. s family ties. wasn? says Viki. Wenjing Zhang aka VikiShe further explained that it was the social position of the girls in the movie and the portrayal of family bonds that made the movie so relatable for viewers in China. ? I want him to know that we have now completed the translation and there is no mistake in it. The pagoda in Xi? she adds.
free? secure link? The Centre has told the Supreme Court that it is taking the help of a US- based private body, which gives technical details on uploading of child porn to 99 countries, to curb the menace in India. ? the report said. We are coming out with steps which will deal with the situation in its entirety, ? not possible?
Initially, 14- day judicial custody is sought, but in this case as already five other accused are facing trial all the six accused will be produced in the court on July 25, ? s family said. ? Ahmed said.
But, in his native village in Bihar? Robin Hood? Irfan harboured political ambitions. ( This story has been updated with details) Read: He sold momos, dreamt of Audi: How Delhi murder suspect took shortcut to luxury s reputation, a further investigation into his life revealed that he harboured a dream to make it big in local politics and all his ? ? social work? said an investigator.
Senior BJP leader and union minister M Venkaiah Naidu was today picked as NDA' s vice presidential nominee. I know @ MVenkaiahNaidu Garu for years. Also read: 5 reasons why Venkaiah Naidu may be BJP' s pick for Vice- PresidentVice- Presidential election: Bitter rivals TMC, Left united on support for Gopalkrishna Gandhi Vice- Presidential election dates announced: Polling, result on August 5ALSO WATCH: Gopalkrishna Gandhi to India Today: Not seeking votes as a Gandhi descendant A farmerâ? The urban development ministry, under which the Narendra Modi' s pet project of Smart Cities is being executed, made him more close to the prime minister. ?
s nominations. the awards events. In fact he says he has boycotted what he considers an ? ? Nihalani says many actors who were taken to New York did not even attend? Producer and CBFC chairperson Pahlaj Nihalani is not a fan of the International Indian Films Academy ( IIFA) awards. I?
good behaviour, and discipline while in jail, ? statutory rules. During this period, Dutt was out for 256 days between June 2013 and February 2016, the affidavit reads. ? special remission.
Dr Radhakrishnan won the election with an overwhelming margin and got 5, 53, 067 votes while the other two candidates together managed to get nearly 10, 000 votes. They were K R Narayanan and T N Seshan. Rajendra Prasad was once again in the fray along with Chowdhry Hari Ram and Nagendra Narayan Das. Before the votes are counted and the next President of India is announced on July 20, we take a look at some of the biggest and closest victory margins recorded in previous presidential elections. SOME OF THE CLOSE FIGHTS FOR PRESIDENT' s POST: 1969: Following the sudden demise of Dr Zakir Hussain in May 1969, then Vice President V V Giri took charge as the acting president. Eventually, Giri edged past the qouta mark with 4, 20, 277 votes while Reddy got 4, 05, 427 votes.
More than 4, 000 were children. s horrors. Macron pledged to fight racism, and called for a thorough investigation into the recent killing of a Parisian woman believed to be linked to anti- Jewish sentiment. . Yes, it? ? We share the same desire for a peaceful Middle East, ? Hiv stadium.
. I wouldn? The politics may steer a situation in any direction but the people of both countries love and respect art for what it is. s most prominent actors, Adnan Siddiqui who played Sridevi? They don? But then you are relieved that the promotion lies in more than capable hands, for the likes of Sridevi and Nawaazuddin Siddiqui and Akshaye Khanna. Obviously, it is a sad feeling when you are not able to promote a project you have spent tiring days and nights working on. No, it isn?
Salim Mukim Khan alias Abu Amaar alias Arif, a native of Hathgaon in Fatehpur district of Uttar Pradesh, was nabbed in a joint operation by anti- terrorism squads of Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh police when he arrived at the international airport from the UAE, he said. fidayeen? Eight persons, including some CRPF jawans, were killed in the terror strike. s name had first cropped up as terror module in 2008 during interrogation of suspected terrorists, Kausar and Sharif, who were arrested in 2008 for the attack at the CRPF camp, he said. s interrogation, the official added.
Former Indian cricketer Joginder Sharma? But when I tried to stop them, one of the boys took out a knife and tried to stab me in my stomach. He called his other son, Deepak, who broke the lock and shifted Om Prakash to a hospital. ? said Deepak .
14pm BST   2. 2. s better. Updated at 3. Neil Virani: ? t they? 36pm BST 13: 36  ? 3 overs, of which 33 deliveries have landed in line with the stumps; he now has the best average of any bowler with 50 or more Test wickets. ? . That did not look secure, but it did the trick. 06pm BST 14: 06  34th over: England 93- 5 ( Stokes 15, Ali 0) Stokes eases a drive past the dive of mid- off for four, so Maharaj tries a flatter, quicker one - he looks a fine, intelligent bowler I must say. tweets SanMiguelMalaga. what are you looking at, butthead, ? 03pm BST 14: 03  33rd over: England 85- 5 ( Stokes 7, Ali 0) Stokes slaps a pull for one, the only run from the over. s outswing, driving through cover; WinViz says South Africa are 100% likely to win this match. that? However, I would like to see Buttler given another go in Tests, and think the true tracks in Australia will suit him. 1. s retro day again! s. Bairstow uses his feet to take a single into the off side, which means three balls into the rough at Stokes - close by are two silly points. Wicket maiden. Dearie me! Updated at 12. 29pm BST   12.
I am directed to state that it has been desired by the competent authority that no bouquet may be presented to the prime minister during his tours within India, " an MHA notice said. I would not reject if someone gifts me a bouquet but I feel that this issue should continue to be discussed, " Modi had said. Also read: A bouquet of Modis! On historic visit, Israel names flower after PM Narendra Modi
Bollywood actor Sitaram Panchal, who has worked with Akshay Kumar ( Jolly LLB 2) , Irrfan Khan ( Paan Singh Tomar) and several other A- listers of the industry, is facing the worst crisis of his life. ( Facebook/ Rajeev Bhatia)  						Sitaram has been fighting cancer for the past three years, and now his condition has worsened. she said. ? Several actors have come forward seeking help on Facebook for the actor. she concluded.
? Ruffalo told variety. s D23 Expo on Saturday that Universal Studios has the rights for Hulk, so, there are less chances for a standalone movie for the superhero. t know how to play well with Marvel. Hulk?
pathetic? I am so pathetic that I am comic. In real life, I would stop the train, or say let? ? I don? . The 51- year- year- old star is aware of the absurdities of the grand romantic gestures in his films and he would not advice his fans to replicate them in real life - - be it the famous train sequence from Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge or proposing to a girl on her wedding day in Kuch Kuch Hota Hai. s a vent. he says.
Moral of the story. s singles title at the Wimbledon tournament. ? Actor Saiyami Kher is more than happy to meet Swiss tennis star Roger Federer, who won his record eighth men? twitter.
The Drama Company premiered on Sunday on Sony TV. Actor- comedian Krushna Abhishek is making a return to the small screen with this show.
lavish life? s Gurdaspur district are searching for two women who allegedly left town last week after asking their sister to report that they drowned in a local canal while taking a selfie. he said. We had asked the telecom company to give call details and location of the mobile number the women were carrying, ? ? he added.
Modi also said, " Just as rain brings typical fragrance from the earth, the successful launch of the GST would give new enthusiasm to the Monsoon Session. " The GST spirit is about growing stronger together. The session will have 19 sittings. ( With PTI inputs) ALSO READ |
s ? A? They are a passionate cricket nation and I expect the Afghanistan A team to compete strongly against our A team and India A in the upcoming tri- series. Cricket South Africa chief executive Haroon Lorgat said in a statement. ?
@ iamkirtikulhari @ InduSarkarMovie? The security has been provided after a scheduled press conference of Bhandarkar in Nagpur was cancelled when Congress activists did not allow him to come out of his hotel. Indu Sarkar? Dear @ OfficeOfRG after Pune I have 2 cancel today' s PressCon at Nagpur. Otherwise I would have made a 100% documentary, and not a film. Gomez. Do you approve this hooliganism?
chief minister Siddaramaiah said. The interaction of both police officers with the media during the course of inquiry was unwarranted, and amounted to a serious violation of the All India Services Conduct Rules, ? the government said. ? Meanwhile, opposition parties opposed the move. Kumaraswamy claimed.
in and offline experience stores. " Earlier last week, there are another report that claimed that the flagship phone by OnePlus - the OnePlus 5 has also become the highest revenue- grossing smartphone in the launch week on Amazon with over 3 times sales growth when as compared to that of the OnePlus 3T. Furthermore, Amazon.
Saif quipped. # IIFA2017 pic. ? Saif raked up the nepotism issue when he joked that the actor had made it big in the industry because of his father, director David Dhawan. Nepotism rocks? Saif and Varun then sang Bole chudiyaan Bole kangana from Johar?
twitter. completely overwhelming? ? to be taking on the role and she wanted to tell fans of the series ? s a big surprise. t be. Peter Capaldi?
s disguise wizard. s Island. ( REUTERS)  						He began to find redemption with a sympathetic role in Tucker: The Man and his Dream, the 1988 Francis Ford Coppola film that garnered Landau his first Oscar nomination. s Crimes and Misdemeanors. Landau turned it down. There was a 10- year period when everything I did was bad. ? I?
The governor also visited the Banihal sub- district where, after discussion with the chief secretary and the attending doctors, he directed that the bodies of the 16 dead pilgrims be transported to Jammu from where after embalming and other formalities, the bodies would be sent by air to the their hometowns, the spokesman said. As per the governor? yatris? He met the doctors and enquired about the medical treatment given to the yatris before they were airlifted in his presence.
driving cycle? s rising pollution levels. said a senior official of the CPCB. The Central Pollution Control Board is planning to develop a Delhi- specific driving cycle and location- specific air quality management plans with the money which manufacturers and dealers have deposited with it over the past one year as Environment Protection Charge, ? ? said Kamal Soi member of the National Road Safety Council.
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation ( SDMC) is planning to install 100 mobile toilet vans at jhuggis/ slum clusters falling under its jurisdiction, inorder to achieve 100% open defecation- free ( ODF) tag. the official said. ? But since the implementation of this was taking time, the agency decided to place mobile toilets. said the official. After SDMC?
Since Hashmi? But when the fresh round of conversations resumed, the policeman avoided using expletives as he appeared to be aware that the recording going on. surround and kill? said the DCP. ? husband, an auto driver. alleged Hashmi.
s censors? this content is illegal? What did this adorable honey- loving bear ever do to provoke anyone? Posts bearing the image and the Chinese characters for Winnie the Pooh were still permitted on the Weibo social media platform on Monday. Pooh? ?
when he started. Lucas, 73, began arguing with the crowd on Friday while suggesting them that they should choose an honest approach for a living, instead of selling his autographs for $ 200 ( Rs 13, 000) apiece. nothing? ? You know why I have money and you don?
The girl has been identified as Sajida Kousar. Police said another woman was also injured during the shelling in Panjgraian village on the LoC and has been shifted to Rajouri hospital for treatment. Muddasar Ahmed, 37, belonged to Duchoo village of Tral, Kashmir. KILLINGS ALONG LOC On July 15, a soldier of the Indian Army died after Pakistan resorted to unprovoked firing and mortar shelling in Rajouri sector across the LoC in Jammu and Kashmir.
This has left around 200 goods- laden trucks coming from Jiribam town to Imphal stranded. The crucial Barak bridge located along the national highway - 102 collapsed Tuesday morning, cutting off land- locked Manipur from rest of the country, an official said. The Barak bridge is located along the Imphal- Jiribam highway and passes through the hill district of Tamenglong.
Stray dogs mauled an infant? The shocking scene was not noticed by the staff of Maharaja Yeshwantrao government hospital but by a visitor who took the body away from the dogs and also informed the local police about it. May. ? .
Murray said. s there forever. I don? I understand in the past guys would have said no because they really want to focus on doubles only because it? ? With Murray and Watson on opposite sides of the net, it was a win- win situation for British fans on Centre Court, most of whom had stuck around after seeing Roger Federer clinch a record eighth singles title earlier in the day. It? she said. s three?
Aam Aadmi Party? 2. GST shows the good that can be achieved when all parties come together and work for the nation, ? ? ( Subhankar Chakraborty/ HT? 30pm: Voting for the presidential election in Tamil Nadu got over in just about two hours with 232 legislators, Union minister Pon Radhakrishnan, and a Kerala MLA casting their votes at the Assembly. wrap { width: auto; float: none; padding: 5px; margin- right: 0px} } 1st Presidential poll ( 1952) Candidate NameVotes Dr. Rajendra Prasad 507, 400 K. T. Shah 92, 827 Thatte Lakshman Ganesh 2, 672 Chowdhry Hari Ram 1, 954 Krishna Kumar Chatterjee 533 2nd Presidential poll ( 1957) Candidate NameVotes Dr. Rajendra Prasad 459, 698 Chowdhry Hari Ram 2, 672 Nagendra Narayan Das 2, 000 3rd Presidential poll ( 1962) Candidate NameVotes Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan 553, 067 Chowdhry Hari Ram/ t6, 341 Yamuna Prasad Trisulia 3, 537 4th Presidential poll ( 1962) Candidate NameVotes Zakir Hussain 471, 244 Kota Subbarao 363, 971 Khubi Ram 1, 369 Yamuna Prasad Trisulla 232 Bhamburkar Shriniwas Gopal 232 Brahma Deo 232 Krishna Kumar Chatterjee 125 Kumar Kamla Singh 125 Chandradutt Senani 0 U. P. Chugani 0 Dr. M. C. Davar 0 Chowdhry Hari Ram 0 Dr. Man Singh Ahluwalia 0 Manohara Holkar 0 Seetharamaiah Ramaswamy Sharma Hoysala 0 Satyabhakt 0 5th Presidential poll ( 1969) Candidate NameVotes Varahagiri Venkata Giri ( INDEPENDENT) 401, 515 / 420, 077 Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy ( INDEPENDENT) 313, 548 / 405, 427 C. D. Deshmukh 112, 769 Chandradatt Senani 5, 814 Furcharan Kaur 940 Rajabhoj Pandurang Nathuji 831 Babu Lal Mag 576 Chowdhry Hari Ram 125 Sharma Manovihari Anirudh 125 Khubi Ram 94 Bhagmal 0 Krishna Kumar Chatterjee 0 Santosh Singh Kachhwaha 0 Dr. Ramdular Tripathi Chakor 0 Shri Ramanlal Prushottam Vyas 0 6th Presidential poll ( 1974) Candidate NameVotes Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed ( INC) 754, 113 Tridib Chaudhuri ( INDEPENDENT) 189, 196 7th Presidential poll ( 1977) Candidate NameVotes Neelam Sanjiva Reddy Won unopposed* * 37 candidates filed nominations, 36 got rejected8th Presidential poll ( 1982) Candidate NamePartyVotes Zail Singh Indian National Congress 754, 113 H. R. Khanna Independent 282, 685 9th Presidential poll ( 1987) Candidate NamePartyVotes R. Venkataraman Indian National Congress 740, 148 V. R. Krishna Iyer Independent 281, 550 Mithilesh Kumar Independent 2, 223 10th Presidential poll ( 1992) Candidate NamePartyVotes Shankar Dayal Sharma Indian Nationlal Congress 675, 864 G. G. Swell Independent 346, 485 Ram Jethmalani Independent 2, 704 11th Presidential poll ( 1997) Candidate NamePartyVotes K. R. Narayanan Indian National Congress 956, 290 T. N. Seshan Independent 50, 631 Kaka Joginder Singh a. k. a. Dharti Pakad Independent 1, 135 12th Presidential poll ( 2002) Candidate NamePartyVotes Abdul Kalam Independent 922, 884 Lakshmi Sahgal CPI( M) 107, 366 13th Presidential poll ( 2007) Candidate NamePartyVotes Pratibha Patil Indian National Congress 638, 116 Bhairon Singh Shekhawat Independent 331, 306 14th Presidential poll ( 2012) Candidate NamePartyVotes Pranabh Mukherjee Indian National Congress/ UPA 713, 763 P. A. Sangma Independent 315, 987 11. source { width: auto; font- size: 80% ; color: # 333; text- align: right; font- family: " Open Sans" } . s nominee. s elected MLAs and MPs voted to elect the next President and BJP- led NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind appears to have the advantage against his opponent Meira Kumar, a former Lok Sabha Speaker and the opposition? s open support for NDA presidential candidate Kovind, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Kesav Prasad Maurya said, ? ANI ( @ ANI_ news) July 17, 20173. . It is good fortune of UP that for the first time President will be from UP. India? Kovind is expected to win the polls, described by his rival, opposition candidate Meira Kumar, as a battle of ideologies. Growing Stronger Together?
? In another first, the poll watchdog has also prepared special posters carrying dos and don? MPs and MLAs who vote to elect the next President on Monday have been barred from carrying their personal pens inside the voting chamber and will have to mark their ballot with a specially- designed marker, the Election Commission said on Sunday. The total value of the electoral college is 10, 98, 903. While 233 are elected members of the Rajya Sabha, 543 are from the Lok Sabha. NDA nominee Ram Nath Kovind is pitted against opposition candidate Meira Kumar in presidential poll.
We were going to explore female characters in a way that conventionally doesnt happen, " Christie said at " The Top 10 Game- Changing Game of Thrones Moments" , a special on the People/ Entertainment Weekly Network ( PEN) . This was a television show that would put women at the forefront.
Unhappy with the state? Parents said the purpose of state quota seats was being defeated as most students from the state were losing out on seats in state- run and private institutes due to this change in eligibility criteria. ? said Ranjan Mehta, another parent. DMER cannot do away with this procedure, ? said Mehta.
galat kaam? The boy? ( wrong act) with him during several occasions for one week and had threatened him not to disclose it to anyone. ? The court noted that the boy preferred to tell about the act and conduct of the accused first to a doctor near his house instead of his family members. Dinesh had pleaded not guilty.
Sources said that the Sena members on the BEST committee have objected to buying buses from Force Motors, claiming that the capacity of these buses was low when compared to regular ones. ? buses. We won? he said.
stock benefits? 19 million per year. According to the last estimate, India is home to 2, 226 adult tigers which would mean a capital benefit of about Rs 5. recognition of even a conservative estimate of some of these intangible benefits from tiger reserves is likely to demonstrate their significance and provide adequate justification for conservation of these tiger habitats. This new way of green accounting is seldom considered by traditional economists, ? , he says ? ? However? .
The death toll in the bus accident has so far climbed to 16 while 19 are reported to be seriously injured. ( Inputs from Ashwini Kumar and Manjeet Singh Negi) ALSO READ: Amarnath Yatra attack: Death toll rises to 8 as another woman succumbs to injuries
Mumbai, Jul 16 ( PTI) A mishap was averted at the Mangaluru airport in Karnataka in the wee hours today when an AI aircraft from Dubai with 185 passengers on board, veered off the runway slightly while touching down, an Air India Express official said. An alert pilot immediately corrected the path and the aircraft landed safely" , said the official, adding the matter has been reported to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation.
Ashwani Kumar, an assistant professor at SRCC' s global business operations in Delhi University, was attacked by his student of management discipline who resorted to kicking the professor' s car and slapping him multiple times over being awarded low marks in his internal examination. wondered Alok, who is an assistant professor in the commerce department. SRCC' s officiating principal and professor Ashwani Kumar did not answer to Mail Today' s calls.
The incident which took place at the hospital premises on July 13 was captured on the CCTV, said police. Rathod, who was beaten up by the nurse in the ward, has filed a complaint against her for obstructing a government servant from performing his duty, police said. ? the official said.
The country? By conducting Class 12 and 10 exams on the same day we can reduce the examination period and provide more time to the evaluators, ? The CBSE has drawn criticism for its evaluation system as several students complained of variation in marks after asking the board for a relook. ? the official said. This will give teachers more time to look at the answer sheets, maybe more teachers can look at them. to check answers.
Though the ban has been in force for the last six years, compliance on the ground leaves a lot to be desired, environmentalists said. LN Tara, a Uniworld resident, said, ? ? Mohan, a shopkeeper at the condominium, said, ? To protect the environment, Uniworld Garden, an upscale condominium in Sector 47 on Sohna Road has banned the use of plastic bags on its premises. As many as 16 challans were issued in DLF Phase 1 and Sector 56 and another six in Sector 10.
headmaster Kanchan Adhikari said. s managing committee. A 159- year- old co- educational school in West Bengal has adopted a segregation policy after complaints of boys harassing the girls. ? After getting several complaints from the students of classes 11 and 12 that the boys create trouble, we were forced to take the decision of asking them to attend school on separate days, ? We are aware that it will be difficult to complete the syllabus. a teacher said.
Charlie Allen, who? Cummins says she decided that rather than throw away the food she would bring some purpose to the event and contacted area homeless shelters. I didn? It? ? Guests dined on bourbon- glazed meatballs, goat cheese and roasted garlic bruschetta, chicken breast with artichokes and Chardonnay cream sauce and wedding cake.
said Abhishek Bhat, an AAP volunteer. A group of workers from Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) have recently started a campaign to get anti- corruption activist Anjali Damania back in the party. ? I quit. I have not come to AAP for this nonsense. said Damania.
Fruit and vegetables dete hain. s movement. ? As part of the programme, which will continue for the next 4- 5 weeks, nearly 30, 000 students of 51 NDMC schools planted saplings on their school premises and surrounding areas like parks, garden, along road sides and service lanes. Kumar said. the NDMC chairman said.
Delhi cops acting as midwives? ? re asked to not move the baby from his/ her position, but convincing parents at that time is difficult. s easy when we have women officers with us. We? During trainings, we? says Sehrawat.
The BJP president was meeting Delhi BJP leaders at the NDMC convention centre in the national Capital. He expressed displeasure over the state of affairs in Delhi unit after several leaders came out in open alleging the current leadership has failed to follow the policies of the party and that favourites of Delhi BJP president Manoj Tiwari got the key posts. 5 lakh new members to the party. No one is spending time to meet the common people, " Shah was quoted as saying by a BJP leader who was present in the meeting. The leaders gave a detailed presentation on the voting pattern, caste equations and demographic division in the Capital and also the factors that led to BJP' s successive defeats in elections.
s Cell. He said that the report of the Women? However, the petitioner gave replies to all the charges and he also tried to support his defence by introducing a large number of documents and a list of students who would appear as witnesses in the inquiry in support of his defence, ? ? he said. .
There is a scarcity of ethyl alcohol which is used to conduct such tests in the laboratories, including those in government facilities, according to Dr Jagdish Prasad, director general of health services under the Union ministry of health. Alcohol and spirit are used for preparation of reagents for microscopy. he said. ? he told PTI.
Pravin Ghughe, chairperson of MCPCR, said, ? ? Based on news reports, the Maharashtra Commission for Protection of Child rights ( MCPCR) formed a six- member committee that visited the jail on Saturday around 12 noon, and spoke to children of inmates as well as their mothers. said Ghughe. ReadMumbai jail inmate murder: Jail officials remanded in 14- day judicial custody
Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) ? a rise of 150% . The government has for the first time decided to determine honorarium for the corporators based on the category of the civic bodies. Other than this, a Mumbai corporator gets Rs150 for attending each sitting of the civic house ( not more than Rs600 per month) and for corporators from other civic bodies , it is Rs 100 ( not more than Rs 400 per month) . It included phone, bills, stationery and postage.
Veteran actor Shakti Kapoor believes that any actor? s career forward. The luck factor is so strong that out of those guys, only me and Naseeruddin ( Shah) could make it in cinema, ? ? he says.
The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) requires 14. The current water stock in catchment areas of seven lakes that provide water to the city is sufficient for over 200 days. 14% of what is required at the end of monsoon. 17 meters away from overflowing.
The incident was reported from south east Delhi? s Kotla Mubarakpur area on Friday morning. On Friday morning the couple again had a fight after their kids went to school, following which Taiyab allegedly strangled his wife, left her body on the bed and fled the spot. ? He allegedly even checked her phone and always kept a watch on her which often led to arguments between the two, ? a senior police officer said.
said Athawale. The Fadnavis Government has opened a Pandoras box and now many disadvantageous sections will demand similar concessions, ? ? said political analyst Prakash Bal. he added.
# BritishGP ð? ? ð? I am so proud I could do this for you all, " said Hamilton, who threw himself into the fans for some ' crowd surfing' after the podium celebrations. " The team were faultless this weekend, Valtteri did an incredible job as well so it is the perfect weekend for us. " Lewis Hamilton won his home British Grand Prix for the fourth year in a row on Sunday while a penultimate- lap puncture slashed Sebastian Vettel' s championship lead to a single point. The Briton' s drive from pole to flag on an overcast afternoon was lonely, uneventful and dominant - - in complete contrast to his Ferrari rival' s afternoon - - with Mercedes team mate Valtteri Bottas finishing 14 seconds behind to secure the one- two. "
The 28- year- old Indian carried the momentum into the fourth game and stayed ahead to win it 11- 7. | ? Ill- health ends Tintu Luka? READ?
Three days after he butchered his wife for going to work, a Palghar resident was arrested by the Manor police on Saturday. We sent a team to Dhulia, his native place. ? said Shinde.
dharma yudh? mysterious knots? AIADMK ( Puratchi Thalaivi Amma) faction leader O Panneerselvam offered on Sunday Rs 10, 000 to anyone asking and getting a reply from chief minister K Palaniswami to whether he would order a judicial probe into the death of late chief minister J Jayalalithaa. removed?
? 2 Sector in Greater Noida. The theft must have been carried out between 12 midnight and 2am, when the devotees were sleeping in the first floor of the preaching centre in Delta ? Das said, ? he said.
One of the eyewitnesses, who shot the video in his cell phone camera, told Hindustan Times, that man was heavily drunk and pressed the dog to the ground with his feet for about an hour, before it died. The incident took place at Som Bazaar in Noida Sector 45 between 9pm and 10 pm on Friday night. He was adamant to kill the animal, as it barked at him, ? appeals? ? Meanwhile, the People for Animals representative in Noida on Saturday have taken cognizance on the matter and approached the police to register a complaint in the matter under prevention of cruelty against animals.
? farmers? Around 70 cultivators were, however, detained when they tried to stage a demonstration near the prime minister? Kisan Mukti Yatra?
said Ashoke Pandit, chairman, OLCA. The OLCA members alerted the police. At 9am on Saturday, residents told members of the Oshiwara Lokhandwala Citizens Association ( OLCA) that they saw 10 trucks dumping debris at the wetland through the night. ? said Sitaram Phand, assistant police inspector, Oshiwara police station. he said.
s election. meet the candidate? Sena MPs and ministers attended the function, ending speculation about the party top brass being miffed over Kovind not meeting Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray during this visit. function. s public representatives missed the meet, Purohit said it was a full house. ?
vital leads? Four other taluks of the district, including Bantwal, are under the prohibitory orders as per Section 144 of CrPC for the past several weeks in view of the unrest. Karnataka chief minister Siddaramiah had on July 10 directed the police to arrest those disrupting communal harmony in the district. In a related development, head of a local mutt has been asked to appear before police in connection with his claims that he had ? The victim died on July 7.
On February 3, the ATC had issued perpetual arrest warrants against Khan, the chairman of Pakistan Tehreek- i- Insaaf ( PTI) , and Qadri, the chief of Pakistan Awami Tehreek ( PAT) , in a case related to an attack on Senior Superintendent of Police Asmatullah Junejo during the 2014 protests. According to a lawyer, the court also issued notices to relevant police stations and revenue boards to implement the order. Both Khan and Qadri have also demanded Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif?
05 million people who fled the fighting after the offensive against IS began last October, 825, 000 remain displaced, the International Organization for Migration ( IOM) said in a statement. IOM? the enormous crisis? in the area.
3. ? 57pm BST 15: 57  Federer? . Updated at 3. 05pm BST   3. m disappointed there aren? Federer makes it 40- 15 with a crisp forehand return down the line, then 40- 30 with a preposterous, hypnotic backhand drop shot that draws a deeply satisfied sigh from the crowd. says David Wall. s magical. s time to serve and volley, but he sets Federer up for a backhand pass, which is a bit like showing Leo Messi on to his left foot. 32pm BST 14: 32  First set: Cilic* 2- 3 Federer ( * denotes server) : Trailing 0- 15, Cilic goes for a drop shot. Federer reads it. 4. Given this has been such an anti- climax, and is finishing so quickly, do you think they could ask Federer to knock up against one of those back- walls, so we get to see a bit more of him playing on centre court? Given this has been such an anti- climax, and is finishing so quickly, do you think they could ask Federer to knock up against one of those back- walls, so we get to see a bit more of him playing on centre court? 47pm BST 13: 47  You might have heard that Roger Federer is the oldest man in the Wimbledon final since 39- year- old Ken Rosewall in 1974. d like to see something resembling a contest, some confected jeopardy, like a tie- break in the first set, which is really about as dangerous and adventurous as splashing out on the Creuset pan instead of the John Lewis own brand ( other brands are available) . 09pm BST 14: 09  They? s a good tradition, they? s not over yet. He doesn? 2. t know. This is the deal. You know who I mean. 1.
Nolan says. ? s very true when you have kids, so your tastes do tend to go more mainstream in that period because you want some sort of guarantee of entertainment, ? he said. he says.
The 62- year- old actor, who is currently onboard as a producer, is not sure about his casting in the web series. " I am producing it. It is about 1971 war.
Begum aur unki Jaan! It? s failure, Vidya says she? While films such as Paa ( 2009) , The Dirty Picture ( 2011) , and Kahaani ( 2012) worked wonders and won her critical acclaim, there have been lull days at the box office when films such as Bobby Jasoos ( 2014) , Kahaani 2 ( 2016) and Begum Jaan failed to make an impact. But I feel that all actors go through hits and flops, it never makes me question myself, ? ? . m doing.
According to sources, these prisoners were believed to be helping Sasikala. Sasikala, 59, is in the Parpanna Agrahara Central Jail since February 15 to serve a four- year sentence after she was found guilty and convicted by a trial court in Bengaluru in September 2014 in the two decade- old illegal wealth case of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa. Earlier, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah ordered a probe into the report filed by D Roopa in which she alleged that Sasikala gave Rs 1 crore bribe to Karnataka Director General of Prisons ( DGP) Satyanarayana Rao for an exclusive kitchen inside her prison. I have submitted the report to Director General of Police R K Dutta and have not shared or shown it to anyone.
? We cannot fight this war alone. Mehbooba said. Their meeting also came a day after the home minister briefed top opposition leaders on the situation in the valley and steps taken to ensure better security for the Amarnath pilgrims. Mufti?
Facebook has declined Pakistan? We can confirm that Pakistani officials requested that we link the opening of a new Facebook account with [ an] Internet user? the official said. s request to link opening of Facebook new account to users cellphone number, ? ? Facebook spokesperson Christine Chen said.
The boy? s war. s parents, Muhammad and Afraa Bilan, named him as a gesture of thanks to the country that offered them sanctuary. And what makes me proud is not just that we got the job done, which we did ? ?
s boss. bad policies? ? s almost an embarrassment being an American traveling around the world and listening to the stupid shit Americans have to deal with in this country, ? and wrote that it was ? The world? It? You guys [ journalists] should be writing a lot more about that stuff. If we don? t do it.
@ iamkirtikulhari @ InduSarkarMovie, ? Madhur Bhandarkar ( @ imbhandarkar) July 15, 2017Its baffling to see self proclaimed custodians of # freedomOfExpression creating huge ruckus to prevent a legitimate release of # InduSarkar pic. ? pic. he tweeted. s censored, ? Let my film get censor board clearance and the moment it is released in the theaters, you can go and watch the film, ? Madhur Bhandarkar ( @ imbhandarkar) July 15, 2017Earlier, Bhandarkar had censured the controversy surrounding his upcoming directorial venture and had asserted that the movie is not a documentary, but a work of fiction. Indu Sarkar?
After the President? Maharashtra has become the first state to make social boycott a crime after President Pranab Mukherjee cleared the legislation. Sudhir Shrivastava, additional chief secretary for home, told HT. The Act also has a provision to withdraw cases with the consent of victims and permission from a court. ?
co. uk. " None of us have ever seen this before. Doctors in the UK have found 27 contact lenses stuck in a 67- year- old woman' s eye while they were preparing her for a cataract surgery. She was quite shocked.
over clever? ? On terrorism, Jaitley said that the BJP was the only party that openly condemned the terrorism, while there were some parties who did not mind using objectionable words against the Army that was fighting a battle on the front for security of the country. Jaitley said. Satya Bharti Abhiyan?
s done, ? I don? For me, a simplistic way of looking at life was that if my phone still rings and the other person says that ? After I would finish shooting for a film, it would be a little difficult to shake the character off but now after my shoot I believe that you have to shake it off otherwise it starts becoming a part of you, ? ? he says.
s next with Hrithik Roshan and a Salman Khan production featuring his brother- in- law Aayush Sharma. s so fit. I truly believe that with her beauty and her talent, she is going to rock the industry for sure, ? ? The romantic drama is expected to go on floors by this year end. She?
In her statement to the police, the victim said her ex- husband who had given her triple talaq three days ago entered her room on Wednesday morning, raped her and forced her into unnatural sex. said Ramsen Singh, station house officer of Dadri police station. Read | UP? ? The victim? triple talaq?
rape? said Loni circle officer Durgesh Kumar Singh. After the man was caught, the locals gathered to discuss the issue, as there were speculations that Arif and the woman were in a relationship and he had entered the house with the woman? s consent. ? Singh said.
Sandip Chandra, head of the Noida authority? Once the road and lane marks are in place, they will help the traffic police in regulating the flow of traffic, ? ? Layak Singh, traffic inspector, Noida traffic police, said. Chandra said.
ed. ( Read | Ravichandran Ashwin is a smart cricketer, says Muttiah Muralitharan) The 42- year- old also gave a miss to the opportunity that is available with Sri Lanka, after the governing body in the island nation sacked Graham Ford despite having a successful record with the national side as well as a strong bonding with the players. d be a fantastic job, ? au, ? com. he added. t had a history of sticking with their coaches for too long so that would definitely be in the back of all coaches? Gillespie said. If it?
. Thakur told PTI. He has been away from the hullabaloo of Indian cricket for the last six months but former BCCI president Anurag Thakur said if required, he ? ? won? said Thakur.
Thailand? smart ID cards? ? The most famous monk scandal played out earlier this year as troops searched the temple of the mega- rich Dhammakaya sect on the outskirts of Bangkok, to arrest the controversial former abbot who is accused of money- laundering. he added.
Find your inspiration. Walt Disney Pictures President Sean Bailey revealed on Saturday that Mena Massoud will star as the scrappy Aladdin, and Scott will play Jasmine in the live- action adaptation of the 1992 animated film. Use it to drive your passion. ( With inputs from Associated Press)
the hole opened up. ? Pasco County Fire Chief Shawn Whited said during a news conference that crews were called to the home north of Tampa about 7: 30 am Friday after someone noticed a depression had formed under a boat parked outside a house. s belongings.
? Maimaitiali said. he added. Vijender Singh in his own backyard, WBO Oriental super middleweight champion Zulpikar Maimaitiali says he is training 10 hours a day to ensure a knockout win for himself. At this phase, maybe only myself and my coach should understand the training schedule that have been implemented. he said.
The Monsoon Session of Parliament begins today, the day when over 4, 850 legislators will be casting their votes to elect the next President of India. While 16 Bills have been listed for introduction, consideration and passing, two are mentionedfor withdrawal. ALSO READ |
( IANS)  						? s see, ? The actor said that initially the Bengali film industry was mulling the option of shutting down cinema theatres in the state to protest against the roll out of the GST. Prosenjit said. I do not think that there would be any result by closing down the cinema halls. ? he said.
? I need answersWhile there was no official reply from the United Hub given that the tweet could very well be a joke, other twitter users jumped in and offered assistance by recruiting their own ' pets' on different fronts. com/ qfQK7irSGuMy chicks got the west side pic. twitter. com/ NXl933Cqx0My rhino has Africa on lockdown.
? Police has solved the forgery case regarding selling of heli- tickets to the cave shrine of Mata Vaishnodevi in black market. a senior police officer said.
During a telephone conversation with a resident of Delhi' s Rohini area, the accused allegedly threatened to blow up Red Fort. As of now, the accused is being questioned by the local police as well as officials of Intelligence Bureau ( IB) and Special Cell at the Paharganj police station. ( Further details awaited) ALSO READ:
Lalita was admitted to the ICU of Sher- i- Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences ( SKIMS) after the attack on July 10. ? Indian agencies? Almighty Allah won? ?
OML Founder CEO Vijay Nair tweeted on July 14 saying ' he' d vote for any politician who uploads their photo with a dog filter' . A post shared by Derek O' Brien ( @ quizderek) on Jul 14, 2017 at 9: 44pm PDTIt seems it was not Derek' s idea to use the dog filter. Giving it a thought. @ ShashiTharoor? Should I ? twitter.
Shastri had apparently been skipper Virat Kohli? The CoA, which met on Saturday, finalised the appointment of Shastri but took no decision on Zaheer Khan and Rahul Dravid who were recommended as bowling and batting consultants on overseas tours by the Cricket Advisory Committee ( CAC) . ? s names but the decision on the support staff will be taken only after consultation with Shastri. It? s only a recommendation.
remarkably resilient? Palumbi? Because fish have relatively short life- spans it is possible the worst- affected fish died off many decades ago, said Palumbi, and the fish living in Bikini Atoll today are only subject to low- levels of radiation exposure as they frequently swim in and out of the atoll. said Palumbi. ? indefinite displacement? writes Jorgensen.
? For the first time we feel someone is in charge, ? The photograph was picked up thereafter by the AIB for taking a crack at the prime minister. s strong connect with ordinary people. insulting? Vikas Mahante from Mumbai? PM Narendra Modi? 6 million: Twitter42.
The retirement of Kumar Sangakkara, Mahela Jayawardene and myself both from Test and ODI cricket has weakened the team but they need to move on, ? To a question as to why spinners were doing better when compared to the pacers, he said, ? READ? | ? 7 crore? he said. ?
Dr A K Mahapatra, chief of neuro sciences centre at AIIMS said the twins will undergo a series of tests such as MRI, CT scan, and angiogram, to see to what extent the veins in their brains are fused and whether surgery is feasible. " This is a rare condition. Such operations are extremely challenging and doctors from plastic surgery, paediatric surgery, anaesthetists and radiologists, among others, will be involved, " Dr Gupta said. Surgery is feasible only on 25 per cent of the survivors while the rest continue to live with the condition. "
pitiable? ? , a bench of justices RM Savant and Sadhana Jadhav said that the state had wasted time by constituting one committee after another but and had taken no steps to improve the infrastructure and facilities of these schools. This is really ridiculous. the bench said.
Last Thursday, Bhure Lal, chairman of the Environment Pollution Control Authority ( EPCA) , had also asked the district administration to take effective steps to remove roadside parking and make it mandatory for every establishment to have parking facility inside the premises. In reply to Malik? s RTI query, the district town planning ( DTP) ? he said. ? It said that as reported on June 22, 2017 by the junior engineer and subdivisional engineer ( survey) of Huda office, three leading hospitals ?
Bhasin was earlier cleared of culpable homicide, which provides for a maximum jail term of up to 10 years. ? Aadmi chahe toh taqdeer badal sakte hai, poori duniya ki woh tasveer badal sakte hai, aadmi soch toh le uska irada kya hai ( Humankind can change its fate if it wants to, can change the entire picture of the world if it wants to, as long as there is a strong resolve to do so) ? had crushed Anuj Chauhan and his friend, Mrigank Srivastava, under his BMW car at Moolchand in South Delhi. which goes ? to buttress his point.
And we have decided that for further coaches and others, we must have a discussion with Mr. Ravi Shastri. CoA chief Vinod Rai on Saturday informed that Shastri is presently out of the country and once he is back, thefour- member committee will have a meetingwith him. " These are just recommendations. The meeting, which comes after the Cricket Advisory Committee ( CAC) appointed Zaheer Khan as bowling coach and Rahul Dravid as overseas batting coach, has been scheduled for July 18.
I don? said Chhetri. s surge in the rankings, Chhetri said the team is now more in sync with what the coach ( Stephen Constantine) wants. t know much about the timing of the Champions Cup ( a planned international tournament to be hosted in India) and how many players would be available but we will try to win games, that is the most important thing, ? ? READ | ? he said. s 4.
bizarre mistake? said Branson. s emissions reduction goals. ll change his mind, ? Speaking in Brooklyn on Friday, the Virgin Group founder said businesses and cities were firmly behind a transition to low- carbon energy, which made Trump? We spoke in detail about the things that could make him come back to the Paris accord. I? . ? t possible to get across the Atlantic with a plane carrying a battery powered by clean energy before 2050, because of the weight of it and so on, ? he said.
Benina is just east of Benghazi, Libya? Benghazi? s international airport was badly damaged by fighting in 2014, and flights have since operated out of the smaller Mitiga airport near the centre of the capital. ( Reporting by Ayman al- Warfalli; Writing by Aidan Lewis)
iron brother? it added. s ? Bhutan, a sovereign state which has apparently so far made no such an invitation for the sake of that boundary area, ? Until now, the foreign ministry had listed the withdrawal of Indian troops hinted as a precondition for resolving the face- off but had hinted there is an ongoing effort to end it through diplomatic negotiations. embarrassment? the commentary said. ? Bhutan and China don?
( Eds: Repeating after replacing word ladies with women) Mumbai, Jul 12 ( PTI) In a bid to empower women, Central Railway has appointed all women staff at suburban Matunga station, a senior official said. Women are manning this station on the Central Railway since last two weeks, said the official. Our experience has been very smooth or say some what magical. For instance points person Kirti Kothane, who never attended accident cases, has now learnt how to deal with run over cases.
Pakistan? subversive activities? . s top military officer on Saturday accused India of targeting the US $ 50 billion China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) project through ? enemy designs?
s Beadon Street Post Office. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and MEA minister Sushma Swaraj? Akbar said, ? We are a democracy, ? ? Minister of state for external affairs MJ Akbar said the government is working on a vision to set up one passport centre in every 50 km range in the country in future. he said.
NDAA- 2018, which authorises the annual defence expenses for the fiscal year beginning October 1, 2017 was adopted by the House 344- 81. " Pakistan' s imprisonment of Afridi presents a serious and growing impediment to the United States' bilateral relations with Pakistan, said the amendment as passed by the House of Representatives. Also Read: US House passes bill worth over 600 billion dollars to boost defence co- operation with India
In addition to this, DU colleges reserve up to 5% supernumerary seats for students who have shown great prowess in extra curricular activities like dance, music, theatre, debate and any of the 12 ECA categories recognised by the university. Students who had made it to the ECA merit lists had to approach the colleges of their choice ? BOX: Schedule of ECA Admissions: July 8: release of ECA merit listFirst cycle of admissions: July 11- 13: Registration and verification of documents at individual colleges under first cycle of admissionsJuly 14: Colleges will issue a notification with the names of those eligible for admissionJuly 15 and 17: Students will need to complete their admission procedure at concerned colleges, if selectedSecond cycle of admissions: July 18- 20: Registration and verification of documents at individual colleges under second cycle of admissionsJuly 21: Colleges will issue a notification with the names of those eligible for admissionJuly 22 and 24: Students will need to complete their admission procedure at concerned colleges, if selectedThird cycle of admissions: July 25- 26: Registration and verification of documents at individual colleges under third cycle of admissionsJuly 27: Colleges will issue a notification with the names of those eligible for admissionJuly 28- 29: Students will need to complete their admission procedure at concerned colleges, if selectedFourth cycle of admissions: July 31 and August 1: Registration and verification of documents at individual colleges under fourth cycle of admissionsAugust 2: Colleges will issue a notification with the names of those eligible for admissionAugust 3- 4: Students will need to complete their admission procedure at concerned colleges, if selectedFifth cycle of admissions: August 5 and 7: Registration and verification of documents at individual colleges under fourth cycle of admissionsAugust 8: Colleges will issue a notification with the names of those eligible for admissionAugust 9- 10: Students will need to complete their admission procedure at concerned colleges, if selected s website. ? Shalini said.
s IP Estate area, police said on Saturday. He is unfit for statement, they added. A rickshaw- puller was seriously injured when his throat was slit allegedly by two men following a dispute over payment of fare in central Delhi?
Insensitivity of hospital staff forced a man to carry the body of his nine- year- old granddaughter on his shoulder for her last rites. They then decided to shift her to the Faridabad civil hospital ( Badshah Khan hospital) . Around 11. 30 am, she lost her life, " the deceased' s maternal grandfather Hardev said. We walked from that hospital to the civil hospital carrying Laxmi as we did not have money.
I am very unhappy. ? s brother Kahitij Chauhan said that the family will go to High Court and questioned why harsher charges were dropped it should be reinstated demand harsher charges to beIn May, the court had convicted Bhasin under Sections 304A ( causing death by rash and negligent act) , 279 ( driving rashly which could endanger human life) and 338 ( causing grievous hurt) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC) . near Moolchand flyover in south Delhi. Chauhan? in Lodhi Colony.
He also said, ? The BGB commander has also raised the issue of firing by BSF personnel on Bangladesh nationals. ? We have requested that such kind of smuggling be stopped because these cattle are coming from deep inside from within India and from West of India. Hasan said. he said.
Radioactive Materials. conscientious objectors? We had not. Sharon Johannsen, Jane Thompson? and ? t immediately pick up, so Craig called the front desk of the hotel one town over, and a hotel employee dashed downstairs as I was starting to eat lunch. Thompson drove me through Uravan early one Sunday morning, pointing to the dip in the ground where the gas station had been, the block of houses where she had grown up. Stephens said he does see occasional firearm accidents. There? Many end up moving away for good, but the ones who stay or return are fiercely committed to the landscape and the isolation, the need for self- reliance. If it wasn? If you had told my grandpa he was going to die a horrible, painful death at 70, he would have continued to mineThompson said that during a tour of Urvan for Telluride schoolchildren, their teacher asked her: ? Well, I don? ? Thompson said. s not uranium. t see why they don? I kind of jumped into those communities thinking, oh, we can talk some sense into these people: all the medical research and how bad this stuff was for them and how bad it was for the environment, ? t believe that a lot of people in Telluride know what goes on around here. she said. . re happy. amazing difference?
The result of the conspiracy was there was entry into the UK that must have been in breach of immigration law, ? ? Judge Nigel Seed told them. In total, 69 individuals who travelled to the UK on the passports were identified and 59 did not make an asylum application. Felix said.
Prime Minister Binali Y? s failed coup attempt. 15 July has been declared a national holiday. ? As on the night of the coup attempt, mosques across Turkey will simultaneously recite a verse, usually read before Friday prayers, to alert and invite Muslims to the streets. s was ? . ld?
! d win. Conchita Martinez, Muguruza? 3. Muguruza then embraces her team. # Wimbledon pic. Muguruza sends Williams from side to side but the 37- year- old keeps getting it back, before eventually fading with a netted forehand! . writes Guy Hornsby. Muguruza nets. 15pm BST 15: 15  Second set: * Williams 5- 7, 0- 2 Muguruza ( * denotes next server) Four games ago Williams had two points for the first set but the wheels are coming off now. 6. 38pm BST 14: 38  First set: Williams 4- 3 Muguruza* ( * denotes next server) At 15- all, Williams is like an octopus at the net, stretching one way and then the other. And breathe. 43pm BST 14: 43  First set: * Williams 4- 4 Muguruza ( * denotes next server) ? Updated at 3. [ The 2015 Wimbledon] final helped me a lot to figure out a way to play better on grass because before I was, like, not very experienced. 55pm BST   3. I can? com/ wdkQdQJFfOThe champion' s speech. ? At 15- all, Williams? Then in the semi- finals, Williams had the look of a champion as she clinically ended the run of Johanna Konta. It was just a very surprising moment when you reach a final in a tournament where you thought it was going to be difficult. 1.
caliphate? in 2014. Iraqi prime minister Haider al- Abadi this week declared victory after nearly nine months of fierce fighting to displace the extremist group from the city where it proclaimed its ? s small stadium where Isis, with the aid of local people, killed dozens, with the most cursory of trials, on charges ranging from spying for the security services to homosexualityNow as Isis retreats to the Syrian city of Raqqa and desert areas of western Iraq, those who were on the receiving end of their brutality for over two years have set up their own militia groups. ? They are very decomposed and there is nothing on them to use for identification, ? We can? Isis exploited Iraq? he said.
a difficult historical moment? said Rodrigo Pardo, who heads the government agency in charge of implementing the peace agreement. s end. In terms of the area planted with coca, the raw material used for cocaine, Colombia is back at the same levels as in 2001, when a huge US- backed anti- narcotics effort known as Plan Colombia was just getting under way. While calculating 180, 000 hectares of coca, the US figured the country produced about 700 tonnes of the drug in 2016. ?
Sir, you? Pankaj explains, ? s your name? Naam mein kya hai? ? The only reason I took up this role was to see this great man from close quarters.
After Pink, I wanted to do something with which people will get surprised again so Indu Sarkar seemed as the perfect fit as it has Emergency as its backdrop. Kirti Kulhari expressed her disappointment over Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) for making 12 cuts and adding two disclaimers in her forthcoming film Indu Sarkar. It' s a very important subject. Initially I was like, it is fine.
66 lakh to Rs2. However, only 10 to 15% of non- agricultural land comes under the highway, with officials claiming these rates could get revised as they seemed exorbitant. 50 crore for an hectare of land or Rs62 lakh for an acre of land. Thane district collector Dr Mahendra Kalyankar confirmed the final land rates for farm land in Shahapur taluka. The land rates are being worked out by committees appointed for every district led by the collector that considers a variety of parameters including ready reckoner rate of every village, average of last three years of sale deeds, the number of land transactions, compensation as per Land Acquisition law etc, 25 per cent more incentive offered by the state for direct sale. said chief minister Devendra Fadnavis. Read: ? It?
45pm. Konkan Railway sources said no train was passing from the spot at the time of incident. Hence, special monsoon timetables are implemented on the route, besides restricting speed.
Seeing the lawlessness here, would not like to come back to Odisha, " Kanan, elaborated further. Niranjan was wounded on the head while Teertho was severely attacked and his wallet, phone and passport were stolen. Kanan is undergoing treatment. In the above cases, even when police was informed of illegalities in their jurisdiction, no action was taken indicating a strong nexus between the police and the rampant meat- mafia in India which does not spare women or tourists. Sources revealed that 1000' s of cattle are smuggled for slaughter on foot from Odisha to Andhra Pradesh through the vast rainforest cover in Odisha on a weekly basis. This is a brief list of recent cases of attacks by meat mafia goons on tourists, animal lovers, AWBI officers and genuine gau rakshaks.
and alleged rapist ? Married? ? The young man is behind bars as according to Indian laws, he married a minor and allegedly forced her into a physical relationship, getting her pregnant. alleged rapist. said Romil Baniya, DCP ( south- east) .
How? ? pilot project. He must scan this SMS at kiosks that will be installed at railway stations to get a physical copy of his ticket. said Uday Bobhate, general manager, CRIS.
Luckily, the bullets did not hit the policemen. While they were taking the cash tray out, two policemen on patrolling duty crossed the ATM and saw the men breaking the ATM open. The policemen, however, chased the two men who were inside the ATM, but they managed to escape. ? a police officer said. Raids are on.
Al- Qaeda reconsolidated in the Maghreb and Sahel after the rise of ISIS. I think theres no question its a concern if you look at the increasing levels of violence that have been perpetrated by groups associated with al- Qaida in the Indian subcontinent, as well as ISIS in Bangladesh, " said Seth Jones from the Rand Foundation in response to another question. " We have a range of the conditions. Jones said the al- Qaeda core has clearly been weakened.
. immediately? I have ordered the planning department to prepare a proposal and begin the process to change the land- use of 3, 000 hectares of agricultural land in 17 villages. said Singh. ? the CEO said.
t go to a regular school. ? said Nand Kumar, principal secretary of the department, who issued the resolution. Class 8 equivalent Minimum age: 13 years Subjects: Three languages, social studies, science, math, skill- development subjects,  Differently- abled students can opt for any five subjects ( but minimum two languages will be compulsory)  Class 10 exam Minimum age: 15 years Subjects: Any five subjects including two compulsory languages: Science and technology, economics, social studies, commerce, agricultural science and technology, skill- development subjects, or one of the pre- vocational subjects such as bakery, tailoring, screen painting, Indian music, among others:  Must have passed class 5 at least Must be a resident of Maharashtra for minimum two years Affidavit that applicant is not enrolled in any school Transfer of credit: Those who want to opt for open schooling after failing SSC exams will be able to get their credits transferred Class 12 exam Minimum age: 17 years Subjects will depend on chosen stream- arts, science, commerce. These students don? said Kharat.
( IND v NZ? s World Cup encounter in Derby. Women? Her assault in the final overs gave the Indian skipper the confidence to hold firm at the other end. s World Cup, her scores so far have been 71, 46, 8, 53, 0, 69 and this century.
wrap { width: auto; float: left; padding: 5px; margin- right: 8px} @ media only screen and ( max- width: 360px) { . Muthukumar ( Thangameenkal) Best Playback Singer ( Male) S. P. B. Charan ( Pannaiyarum Padminiyum) Best Playback Singer ( Female) Sandhiya ( Pannaiyarum Padminiyum) Best CinematographerSiddharth ( J. K. Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai) Best Sound EngineerThapas Nayak ( Raja Rani) Best EditorLeo John Paul ( Itharku Thane Aasaipattai Balakumara) Best Art DirectorMahi ( Moondru Per Moondru Kaadhal) Best StuntmanSuper Subburaayan ( Aaru Mezhuguvathikal and Nedunchaalaigal) Best ChoreographerShobi ( Pandiya Naadu) Best Make Up ArtistRajendran ( Ramanujan) Best Costume DesignerSakunthala Rajasekar ( Ramanujan) Best Dubbing Artist ( Male) Kathir ( Pandiya Naadu) Best Dubbing Artist ( Female) Meena Lochani ( Pandiya Naadu) Best Child ArtistSadhana ( Thangameenkal) Winners ( 2014) . Here? year2009_ headline { width: auto; margin- bottom: 5px; text- transform: uppercase; font- size: 150% } . year2009_ line { width: auto; border: dotted # 999; margin- bottom: 3px; margin- top: 3px} . year2009_ space { width: auto; margin: 6px} . year2009_ box1 ul { width: auto; list- style: url( http: / / www. png) ; margin: 10px; padding- left: 11px} . year2009_ wrap { width: auto; border: dashed 1px # 999; padding: 10px; font- family: " Open Sans" } . clrboth { clear: both; margin: 5px} . Headline_ bar { font- family: " Open Sans" ; font- size: 100% ; color: # FFF; font- weight: bold; text- align: center; } . normal { font- family: " Open Sans" ; font- size: 90% ; text- align: left; padding- left: 1% } } Categories2009Best Picture ( First Prize) PasangaBest Picture ( Second Prize) Mayandi KudumbatharBest Picture ( Third Prize) Achamundu AchamunduBest ActorKaran ( Malayan) Best ActressPadmapriya ( Pokkisham) Best Actor ( Special Prize) Prasanna ( Achamundu Achamundu) Best Actress ( Special Prize) Anjali ( Angadi Theru) Best VillainPrakash Raj ( Villu) Best ComedianGanja Karuppu ( Malayan) Best Character Artist ( Male) Sarath Babu ( Malayan) Best Character Artist ( Female) Renuka ( Ayan) Best DirectorVasantha Balan ( Angadi Theru) Best ScriptwriterCheran ( Pokkisham) Best Dialogue WriterPandi Raj ( Pasanga) Best Music DirectorSundar C. Babu ( Nadodigal) Best LyricistYugabharathi ( Pasanga) Best Playback Singer ( Male) Balamuralikrishna ( Pasanga) Best Playback Singer ( Female) Mahathi ( Ayan) Best CinematographerManoj Paramahamsa ( Eeram) Best Sound EngineerT.
Earlier in 2010, the highest number of 156 militants were killed between January and July that year. The hunt for terrorists of various outfits has been intensified under an operational strategy, the official said. In June, the Army had released a " hit- list" of 12 top militants in Jammu and Kashmir who it aims to " go after" . On July one this year, Lashkari and another LeT militant Azad Malik were killed in a gunfight with security forces in Anantnags Brenti village in South Kashmir. s Acchabal area on June 16, according to the police.
Ram Kumar ? After the actress lodged a complaint, police arrested all the accused directly involved in the crime. s counsel ? Pulsar Suni ? s behest.
On July 12, the recovery of PETN powder weighing around 150 grams below the chair? s cushion in the arena where legislators sit during the assembly session triggered panic. A PETN sample however is also been sent to explosive unit of Agra forensic science laboratory for check its purity level. Security agencies have found a packet of suspicious powder inside the Uttar Pradesh assembly two days after discovering plastic explosives inside the premises, an incident that sent shockwaves through the political establishment.
One such group led by RSS leader Ashok Bhatt, the Vidarbha convener of Kutumb Prabodhan, visited the family of Suresh Deshpande in Nagpur? April. s Sadar locality last week. We are also asking the families to sit together at least once a week to help to create bonhomie and strengthen ties among the members, ? s intellect. said Suresh. ?
Rahane was the captain during India' s series winning Test against Australia at Dharamsala. 20 including a hundred and three half- centuries. " It' s not easy if you have been an India Test captain in March and performing the duties of a 12th man in June but Ajinkya Rahane is a team man to the core, who believes that moment one wears the India jersey, one needs to keep all his insecurities and ego issues at bay. Once I got those runs, the second match was even better when I scored that century. And when we talk about discretion, that is where the mind comes into play - to be able to think clearly what are the shots that I am going to play in a particular situation, on a particular kind of pitch, " he said. Actually my spiritual guru tells me one thing.
? During the ladies? That? Yes, you read that right. a body serve? As the man came on to the court and Clijsters prepared to serve, she stopped and ran towards one of the kit bags.
? said ANC chief DCP Shivdeep Lande. We were patrolling the area outside schools and colleges in the afternoon when we spotted Kale on Sipahi Molani Road. s Azad Maidan unit.
The incident was reported at around 10. Police said that five men were rushed to Fortis, AIIMS Trauma Centre and Safdarjung hospital. 43am, when police control room received information that the five men cleaning the tank had not come out for a long time. Details of the incident are awaited.
? Ganga water supply to Ghaziabad will be disrupted for a couple of days due to silt deposit in the canal, officials said. We don? t have groundwater supply. said Meenakshi Mishra, of Gyan Khand in Indirapuram.
s roads. The number of people seriously injured in accidents during this period stood at 627 last year and is 585 this year. ? he said. Speeding, driving in the wrong lane, and suddenly crossing the road, often by pedestrians, have emerged as three major reasons for road mishaps in Gurgaon, according to an analysis of around 200 accidents by the city police.
Mug shots of a school boy, one among the over 140 school kids killed in a deadly terrorist attack at a school in Peshawar in 2014, and a successful Pakistani- Canadian comedian featured in a full- page ad about a coaching centre? The gaffe came to light when an immensely popular Kashmiri comedy Facebook page, Jajeer Talkies, shared comparative photos and wrote: ? It? Hearty congratulations from Kashmir. ? ! poor soul!
twitter. Anna Deb ( @ bandanadeb) July 14, 2017? We are saddened to report that John Bernecker, a talented stuntman for The Walking Dead and numerous other television shows and films, suffered serious injuries from a tragic accident on set. ? We are keeping John and his family in our thoughts and prayers, ?
The 25. s Natural History Museum on Thursday despite a spirited campaign to keep the much- loved attraction. Jordan Bhatt ( @ Jordan_ Bhatt) July 13, 2017But the museum said the skeleton of the blue whale, the largest animal to have lived on Earth ? museum director Michael Dixon said. Prince William?
s professional choices. Alia doesn? Soni says, ? ? But if you ask me to choose the ones I loved, I would say she impressed me with her performances in Udta Punjab, Highway and Dear Zindagi ( 2016) . she adds.
I do not know the details so I do not want to talk much about it, ? Priyanka Chopra termed ? ? rude? Rahman is currently in New York for the 18th edition of the IIFA Weekend and Awards and is yet to directly comment on the incident.
I think happiness is a very strange term to associate with Jon. says Harington. ? happy? I don? he says.
WR officials had asked the commission of railway safety ( CRS) for permission to operate local trains on the suburban track avoiding fifth line between Andheri and Borivli. In May, ? The CRS granted them permission immediately. said Mukul Jain, divisional railway manager, WR.
s Pulwama district on Saturday, a senior police officer said. Tral, which is 36 km from Srinagar, is the hometown of Burhan Wani, the Hizbul Mujahideen ultra who was gunned down by security forces on July 8 last year triggering a wave of unrest in the Valley for nearly a year. ? he said.
7? With the two- year ban on Chennai Super Kings ( CSK) and Rajasthan Royals ( RR) ending and the BCCI formally welcoming back the two franchises in IPL, but CSK captain MS Dhoni, who spent two years with Rising Pune Supergiant ( formerly Rising Pune Supergiants) in the IPL, celebrated it in style. . ? This shows that all is not well in their handling of affairs, ? # whistlepodu # CSKReturns pic.
The Prime Minister? , an RTI activist said. In her poser to the PMO under the Right To Information Act, Thakur had asked for copies of all files, including notes and various letters and documents exchanged between the PMO and different offices. .
? He reacts to the interlocutor, at the reasons, he is involved in the discussion even if he doesn? . bloodlessly? democratic processes?
A female? patriarchal mindset? ? s presence in the crowd is important to me and I will not let anything happen to her. The popular Malayalam actress, who has worked in Tamil and Telugu films, was abducted and allegedly molested inside her car for two hours by the accused, who had forced their way into the vehicle on February 17 and later escaped in a busy area Follow @ htshowbiz for more . It? , said Kumaramangalam. I am sorry?
Gill was arrested in August 1975 on murder charges. ruled the court. The Bombay high court has granted compensation of Rs2lakh to a 63- year- old murder convict from Aurangabad because he was kept in jail for three years and nine months beyond his sentence. ? said the bench.
said James Rodrigues, a fisherman and Rajodi beach resident. ? s coastline, a seven- and- a- half- foot- long sperm whale washed ashore at Rajodi beach, Virar, around 3pm on Thursday. Though the state mangrove cell confirmed that it was a sperm whale, the officials are unclear whether it was a juvenile whale or a pygmy or a dwarf ( subspecies) . said Mihir Sule, member, KCRT. s beaches.
threatening? ? On June 8, there was a fight between both groups as a result of which the inmate was booked and sent to Bhondsi jail, where he got in touch with the Manjeet Mahal gang. he added. On Surender?
The three children were given medical aid and are under treatment. We approached police and sought their help to get the dog removed with the help of PFA activists. ? CP Singh, Ghaziabad municipal commissioner, said, ? Members of the People for Animals ( PFA) said they had picked up the stray dog and suspect it was suffering from rabies. said Sumedha Iyer from PFA society, Ghaziabad.
s birth certificate. he said further. The officials also admitted that linking of Aadhaar card will ensure prompt availability of birth and death certificates in the jurisdiction, as all information can be accessed in one go. ? he said. said Yoginder Singh Mann, EDMC spokesperson.
The construction of the hospital will be completed next year, along with two other upcoming hospitals in Ambedkar Nagar and Burari, the minister said. the minister said. Satyendar Jain said. ? This is maybe the first government hospital in India to use such a technology, ?
Bonding Bonding. worst? s ? # Tubelight # MainAgar @ kabirkhankk @ man_ on_ ledge  @ TubelightKiEid @ sonymusicindia A post shared by Salman Khan ( @ beingsalmankhan) on Jun 14, 2017 at 10: 30pm PDTRecently, it was reported that Salman would refund distributors to compensate for the losses incurred by Tubelight. ? I am disappointed, ? The film failed to impress the critics and the audience, so much so that some of them even dubbed it as Salman?
He totally disrespected black women. dance for me, boy? t understand it. It? McGregor, who turned 29 on Friday, is a boxing novice and is facing a man regarded as the finest boxer of his generation. I know who I am as a person and I think that most realistic people will look at me and know who I am. ? McGregor said. A fight like this can only happen once in a lifetime.
About 90 applications are being scrutinised for the post of RBI Deputy Governor and the shortlisted name will be sent to Financial Sector Regulatory Appointment Search Committee ( FSRASC) headed by Cabinet Secretary, the official said. The central bank has four deputy governors ? Independent members of the committee are Rajiv Kumar senior fellow Centre for Policy Research, Manoj Panda director Institute of Economic Growth and Bimal Patel director CEPT.
Gangabhishan Thaware, 54, a farmer from Anandgaon village in Beed district, who is among the complainants, told PTI that the IMD officials misled farmers saying that there would be ample rain during the kharif season in June. " Farmers undertook sowing operations, based on the IMD forecast. They spent lakhs of rupees on seeds, fertilisers, pesticides and labourers wages. According to Thaware, farmers have also written to Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, seeking his intervention.
For almost five years now, Dar, a resident of Laharwarpora of Bandipora district, has been removing plastic trash from the lake and selling it for around Rs 150- 200 per day, which helps him support his mother Mughali and two sisters. said Dr Shafqat Khan, SMC commissioner. I will go around as the brand ambassador and tell people that if we keep our surroundings clean and follow garbage disposal mechanism, it will benefit all. ? I am very happy.
Education Brief? A centre established by Somerville college in the University of Oxford in 2013 with a £ 3 million grant from India and named after Indira Gandhi has seen the name of the former prime minister dropped after the Narendra Modi government came to power in 2014. best endeavours? The prestigious building is a long- term plan and if we achieve it, will be larger than only the IG Centre but will include the IG Centre. inspirational research facility? ? The OICSD advances India?
any adverse decision? ? The comment came after Abdulali? The Bombay high court on Thursday cautioned the state government against any relaxation in noise pollution rules during festivities like Ganpati and Navratri. while granting permissions.
You said this in 2014, 15, 16 and again . . In a big leap towards permitting a 25 million- strong NRI population to vote in Indian elections from abroad, the Supreme Court on Friday said it had to be done at any cost, and asked the Modi government to decide within one week how it plans to go about it. Here, NRIs are pleading for it, " said Chindam.
Donald Trump doesn? Trump? . The Mexican border in much of Texas is defined by the Rio Grande, though parts of that river are little more than a trickle of water. t really have people crossing. needs transparency? Homeland security secretary John Kelly has said that border agents need to be able to see what is on the other side of a barrier for security and safety reasons. ?
Sushant Singh Rajput, Kriti Sanon, Varun Dhawan, Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif, Alia Bhatt and Shahid Kapoor pose during a press conference ahead of the 18th International Indian Film Academy. ( AFP)  						When posed the same question, actress Alia Bhatt said, she was giving her exams and was also doing workshops for her debut film ? at the age of 18. I have not been part of the IIFA so far and I think everything happens for a reason. ? Katrina quickly added, ?
Ajit Kumar from Avinashi town of Tirupur, who hails from the scheduled caste community, fell in love with Gokila, a Hindu caste girl. When Gokila' s family learnt about their relationship, they disapproved of their relationship saying that Ajit was from a lower caste. AJIT KUMAR AND GOKILA ELOPED ON JULY 12Ajit and Gokila eloped on July 12 and got married at Marudhamalai in Coimbatore.
grand alliance? Chief minister Nitish Kumar? Nitish Kumar? t accept ? appeared to have widened as the Janata Dal ( United) said on Friday that deputy chief minister Tejashwi Yadav should resign if his family fails to explain the source of funding for properties mired in an alleged scam. ? satisfactory? But the family has not given any ? zero tolerance?
Updated at 7. s final:   6. 25pm BST 16: 25  Thump, thwack, thump, thwack, thump, thwack, they? 25pm BST   6. Game Federer. . Berdych surely ran out of grasscourt shoes. 01pm BST 18: 01  Second set: * Federer 7- 6, 5- 5 Berdych ( * denotes next server) Federer goes long on the first point. @ KatyMurrells all the Fed superlatives are used up but as my late dad used to say ' mother of sweet lanterin Jaysus this lad is some player' Updated at 5. Federer breaks. s not in the mood to look silly though so he charges through the next two points to hold. 9. 20pm BST 17: 20  Berdych goes to the Federer forehand again and again before taking the first point on his serve . I thought the match we played [ in Melbourne] , I have probably never seen him playing better tennis, ? t come off. 5. Advantage Federer, another break point. The 31- year- old also hit the headlines in this country in 2015 when he was on the receiving end of a sweary outburst from Andy Murray? Advantage Federer. Updated at 5. ? And there? 15- 0 Berdych.
As other Israeli police pursued the men, a heavy exchange of gunfire took place, startling early- morning worshippers in the central plaza, some of whom recorded the shootout on camera phones. We insist on reaching al- Aqsa mosque and performing prayers there. Designs and materials vary. In the immediate aftermath the compound was cleared of visitors and closed, with police announcing that Muslim Friday prayers, usually attended by thousands, would be cancelled for the first time in 17 years. Israel? While unreliable and inaccurate, the guns are much cheaper than black market weapons and Israel is increasing its efforts to find and close the workshops where they are made. . ? he said.
excited? Kriti Sanon is all set for her debut performance at the 18th IIFA awards and says she is extremely ? Mostly the snippets are already out before the main event is aired, so this time I think it will be nice when people will not know who is actually winning which award. ? t screw up!
Whitmire wrote. ? are a calling, an urgent, undeniable, impossible to resist way of lifeWhitmire said he was informed that Kermit would be recast in October, and has kept silent in the ensuing months in the hopes that he could get his bosses to change their minds. . Whitmire has been with the Muppets since 1978, and took over as Kermit after Henson died in 1990. multiple remedies? Kermit was Henson?
Actor Sridevi? They? If the actor is being herself, tired , with just a bun on and posts a picture on social media, then the comments will come. When something comes to me and appeals to me, touches my heart and I feel for the character, I do it, ? ? she says. says Sridevi.
The Kandivli police booked a man on Thursday for hurting religious sentiments over a comment he made on Facebook against Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray. They were booked under the controversial Section 66a of the Indian IT Act 2002, but charges against them had to be dropped after nationwide outrage. . Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan ? s death.
Agar bhagwan Shree Ram ke mandir banane me Muslim samaj ke logon ne rukawat paida ki to yakin maniye Muslim samaaj ke logon ko Mecca Medina jane se rokne ka kaam apka vidhayak Guddu Rajput karega" . A BJP MLA from Uttar Pradesh has put up a Facebook video openly saying that he will stop Haj yatris to go on the pilgrimage if the Ram temple is not built in Ayodhya. The subsidy should stop" . " Also read:
missing? According to the girl? Khan has reportedly told the police that he had married the girl, forcing the police to also book him under the Child Marriage Restraint Act. Read: Raped and ? ? the father said.
adds Verma. And based on our previous experiences, we realised that police can maintain the law and order situation and control crime, when they interact with the stake holders [ offenders] in a non- policing way. ( Shivam Saxena/ HT Photo )  						A spokesperson from NSDC, who is managing the project, says, ? ? There? I always wanted to do something in life but due to financial constraints and lack of resources, I never got an opportunity. adds the NSDC spokesperson.
s July 3 order. s order, the club said that the commission in Meghalaya did not have jurisdiction to issue such direction on an incident, which had happened outside that state. ? jainsem? s uniform?
air on Thursday. ? SAFAR chief Gufran Beig told HT. g/ m3 respectively on Thursday, according to SAFAR. good? The air quality was good in the city on Thursday as mixing height was higher compared to other days, ? Locality wise, Ayanagar had the best air quality with 64 AQI and a forecast of 68 on Friday.
clrboth { clear: both; margin: 5px} @ media only screen and ( max- width: 400px) { . png) ; margin: 10px; padding- left: 11px} . While all these premium numbers will be issued only through e- auctions, another category of numbers like 0100, 2222, 8888, 6666 and so on will be sold for Rs 15, 000 on first- come- first- serve basis. 0001? for a whopping Rs 16 lakh. the official said. ?
A man said he was on his moped when two men on a bike pulled up alongside him and sprayed liquid in his face. corrosive substance? He was taken to a hospital in east London and his injuries were described as life- changing. Police said they were treating all five incidents as linked. 37pm in Chatsworth Road. At 11.
s capital city. ? According to a report, the lease of the building that houses the TCS office is set to expire next year and the company is reluctant to renew the contract. s operations in Lucknow. s IT hub.
Through the letter, the twitter user has also urged the CM to discuss the issue with TCS CEO Rajesh Gopinathan who completed his primary education from Lucknow. s constituency? Please re- tweet max so that this tweet reaches the officials concerned, ? Read more: ? TCS miss Q1 estimates, net profit falls 5. ?
Hopefully we should get him back by January 2018. ? A bench of justices AK Goel and UU Lalit said the 61- year- old businessman had failed to submit details of all his assets, upholding a plea by a consortium of banks to which he owes more than Rs 9, 000 crore. Most of Mallya? The Supreme Court, in May, found Mallya guilty of contempt and asked him to appear before it on July 10.
The next time you spot actor Kalki Koechlin, don? I wish people were more keen to talk to you, instead of taking a selfie. ? . it? Everyone is guilty of endorsing fairness creams as much as actors.
? It? says Richa, who has been part of the industry for nine years now with films such as Gangs of Wasseypur ( 2012) , Masaan ( 2015) and Sarbjit ( 2016) to her credit. I don? Sometimes, we watch films and then forget them instantaneously; I never wanted to be part of them, ? she says.
A Suresan, who has been appointed the special prosecutor by the Kerala government, argued that the police have enough evidence against the accused but it is taking time to tie them together. The court extended Dileep' s police police remand by one more day. ALSO READ: Dileep' s bail plea to be heard todayALSO READ: Kerala actress  says she had personal problems with Dileep Dileep' s lawyer K Ramkumar stated that the police are trying to go after his client by piecing together evidence which does not prove he was involved. Appuni has five mobile numbers and all of them are switched off.
Calling NGO Praja? s richest city are malnourished. It seems like while preparing this report you have ignored the procedural change involved in screening for malnutrition, which was based on age and weight of the child till 2013- 2014, whereas in 2014- 15 and 2015- 16, screening for malnutrition was based on height and weight. ? the officials said.
wife Sunanda Pushkar was found dead. The hotel said in its plea that it has on previous occasions approached the Delhi Police for their assistance in unsealing the suite. ? A murder case was registered more than a year after she was found dead in suite 345 of the Hotel Leela Palace in New Delhi. But, the hotel? Pushkar?
? India? | Sachin Tendulkar says Rahul Dravid, Zaheer Khan not imposed on Ravi ShastriThe CoA later released a media release in the wake of the CAC letter and clarified that Zaheer and Dravid have been appointed as the consultants and they would be a part of the team during specific overseas tours. | ?
org" , " @ type" : " Review" , " author" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Rohan Naahar" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. hindustantimes. s List? com/ columns/ rohan- naahar" } , " datePublished" : " 2017- 07- 14" , " description" : " War for the Planet of the Apes moview review: One of the finest blockbuster trilogies comes to a thrilling, sombre conclusion, thanks to Matt Reeves direction, and Andy Serkis? And along with its immediate predecessor, the quietly brilliant Dawn for the Planet of the Apes, it firmly believes that we are beyond redemption, and that the only thing to do is for us to gracefully die out. And along with its immediate predecessor, the quietly brilliant Dawn for the Planet of the Apes, it firmly believes that we are beyond redemption, and that the only thing to do is for us to gracefully die out. Like Bong Joon- ho? Apes, together, strong, ? till we die.
a first. Donald Glover? Saturday Night Live also received 22 nominations, including a nod for Alec Baldwin and his impression of Donald Trump, while Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones and Vanessa Bayer, were all recognised in the best supporting actress in a comedy series category. Aziz Ansari? Samantha Bee? Mr Robot?
It is not just about actresses. When a female reporter corrected Haasan and asked him to not name the victim, he said, " It does not matter if I have used the name. If you want to call her Draupadi, call her that. Recently, in a press conference, Kamal Haasan, while supporting the Malayalam actress, named the survivor' s name and tried to justify it. " Earlier, Malayalam actress Dileep and Aju Varghese received brickbats for the same.
Documents claiming that Mariam Nawaz Sharif was only a trustee of the companies that bought the London flats, are dated February 2006, and appear to be typed in Microsoft Calibri. On July 11 and 12 combined, it received about 150, 000. . s integrity. Opposition parties have urged prime minister Nawaz Sharif to step down after the investigation found a ? significant disparity?
And now, the model- actor- VJ is all set to debut as a playback singer in a Marathi film titled Vitthal, which is being helmed by director Rajiv S Ruia. But one thing led to another and I got into hosting shows on TV, ? ? Follow @ htshowbiz for more
? s ancestral house in Khandwa. A notice, announcing the demolition had been pasted at the two- storey house by the Khandwa municipal commissioner as ? Singh said. ( HT photo) The collector said that the main problem the administration was facing in renovating the house was that they did not have ownership of the house, and till then there is not much we can do. t materialise.
The last Pakistani to receive the honour was Ramiz Raja, who was awarded membership in 2015. s Cricket Ground during the rain- interrupted match between Afghanistan and the MCC XI earlier this week. The 43- year- old Misbah is the 22nd Pakistani to receive the honour and joins the likes of Mushtaq Mohammad, Zaheer Abbas, Imran Khan, Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis and Javed Miandad.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had himself called for more humour in public life. I hope you use your sense of humor ( sic) extensively in every speech, " Sir Rajan had told Modi after the latter retweeted Shastri' s congratulatory message. Wow! That was the reminder that All India Bakchod' s ( AIB) Tanmay Bhat posted on Twitter on Thursday after their meme on Modi went viral, was criticised, and promptly taken down by the comic group. "
? Anand said. The government said in the Supreme Court on Friday that the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) has been asked to explore the option of putting jammers to prevent students from accessing online child pornography in school. The CBSE has been instructed to take up the issue with school managements, ? India doesn?
In the video, the boy gives a currency note to the waiter but the girl insists on paying the bill. NDA pro- poor policies pic. Rahul Gandhi was trolled. pic. ?
Last year, Beyonce released her epic visual album, Lemonade. Also Read: Beyonce named Most Charitable Celebrity in 2016 for her humanitarian acts By winning the top- earning position on the list, Beyonce has left other musical biggies like Guns N' Roses, Bruce Springsteen, Drake, Adele, Coldplay, Justin Bieber, Kanye West and Rihanna, far behind. 1 million dollars ( Rs 400 crores, approximately) last year.
Roddick? While Roddick never managed to win a second grand slam championship despite reaching four more finals ( and losing to Roger Federer in each of them) , the outspoken Texan won 32 titles and spent nearly a decade in the top 10 during a 12- year professional career that will see him inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame later this month. Decker told People magazine in an interview published on Wednesday. ? s shock decluttering. t really care to have these material things sitting around the house, so he threw them in the trash.
Jagruti ( @ JCookingOdyssey) July 9, 2017However, Twitter user @ musicaloud tweeted that he was at the concert himself and the set list of songs had 16 Hindi songs and 12 in Tamil. imposing Hindi? twitter. on South Indians. Omer Chowdhury ( @ OmChow) July 8, 2017Same here buddy we were totally disappointed by it and do not think we will ever go again? ? Mani Vasu ( @ ManiVasu2) July 14, 2017This is how v feel when Hindi is imposed or Hindi songs r in list in Yuva Dasara Mysuru or Hindi is heard in flight announcement. # ARRahman?
s Q1 results. Abiding by his ideology of automation and its impact on the development of the country, Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka arrived in a driverless automated golf cart at the company headquarters in Bengaluru ahead of a press conference on the company? pic. CNBC- TV18 News ( @ CNBCTV18News) July 14, 2017( Amrita Sokhi is a student of IP? .
Matthew Cobb, professor of zoology at the University of Manchester, who was not involved in the study said the findings were reassuring for the future of life on Earth. For the tardigrades to inherit the Earth, whatever catastrophe swept over the planet would have to return to normal- ish conditions within a matter of decades at most, or it really could be curtains, ? said Sloan. ? t concern you if you just considered all life, ? he noted. What? he said.
I am more than happy doing it. The actor joked that even though he was not the best dancer, organisers are always ready to pay him a fat cheque. " By Komal Panchmatia New York, Jul 14 ( PTI) Salman Khan has never been a favourite at award shows but the superstar has no complains as he said he prefers performing at such ceremonies over receiving an honour. " . Bollywood and cricket go hand in hand, " Bravo said. Happy birthday to Katrina. India is home to me.
He said, " I am very bad with dates. So much so that Salman confessed on stage that he is bad at keeping track of dates, however the only date he remembers is Katrina' s birthday which is this Sunday, July 16. It' s a national event.
However, while Sonam missed his message in the ocean of tweets, texts and birthday posts, Ranveer made sure he did not forget to reply to Big B' s text. . ! Ranveer then went on to say that it is gestures like these which make Amitabh Bachchan the greatest of all time, adding, " I' m blessed that you even know I exist! " ?
I never applied to Jadavpur University but I came to know through a friend that my name figured in the top in the merit list for Physics, Chemistry, Geology and Mathematics. He said he has informed the varsity authorities. " ALSO READ|   Jadavpur University students march in solidarity with Gurmehar Kaur
straight off the dome. ? said Deuel. A newly- developed hands- free musical instrument that now allows people to make music with their minds is bringing a new meaning to ? Deuel originally developed the Encephalophone ( patent pending) in his own independent laboratory, in collaboration with Felix Darvas, a physicist at the University of Washington.
she says. The age that Alia is today, I had made a film on female infanticide. During her recent interview with HTBrunch, Pooja Bhatt revealed that after making sensitive movies like Zakhm and Tamanna, she ventured into adult content with Jism because those kind of movies have a mass appeal. I am not interested in making movies that only 10 people will watch and will get critical appreciation at some festival. ? says Pooja. t want. com/ hindustantimesbrunch
org" , " @ type" : " Review" , " author" : { " @ type" : " Person" , " name" : " Sweta Kaushal" , " sameAs" : " http: / / www. com/ rf/ image_ size_ 960x540/ HT/ p2/ 2017/ 07/ 14/ Pictures/ _ fc61e1ee- 683e- 11e7- 95fb- ec6334583ea6. hindustantimes. s expertise is seen in the way he handles these characters and their stories - his sensible filmmaking is written all over the frames. While Neel is recovering from a broken relationship, Raina appears to be mostly concerned about her younger sister? s elite society. morally wrong? When asked to pay up later at a hotel, she takes off her jewelry, places them at the counter and tells the man behind the cash counter, ?
Aryan Patel? After half an hour, the victim came out of the cafe to look for him and tried to call him, but his mobile number was switched off, said Jadhav. ? said senior inspector Ramchandra Jadhav of Khar police station. said Jadhav.
malnourished? Deepika Padukone is being advised by her followers to eat more and gain weight after she posted a new picture on Instagram. See more pics at the link in our bio. Wearing @ davidmorrisjeweller and @ emanuelungaro_ officiel Photo by @ professor_ ohlsson A post shared by Vanity Fair UK ( @ vanityfairuk) on Jul 7, 2017 at 7: 21am PDT All the pics from our @ deepikapadukone # VanityFairOnJewellery cover shoot are now available at the link in our bio and on a newsstand near you! s Padmavati with Shahid Kapoor and Ranveer Singh.
even in areas where the Armed Forces ( Special Powers) Act, 1958 ( AFSPA) had been notified, ? said Babloo Loitongbam of the Human Rights Alert that along with an association of families filed a petition in the Supreme Court in 2012 on the extra- judicial killings. the bench said. Our constitutional jurisprudence does not permit us to shut the door on such persons and our constitutional obligation requires us to give justice and succour to the next of kin of the deceased, ? ? It is too early to celebrate, ? toothless tiger? s suggestions.
At 4. 3. 7 million each. 8 million people, India has the highest number of adults planning and preparing to migrate ? IOM Director General Swing added that the new study illuminates one trend that has been emerging for some time, which he explained was the ? ?
I don? clothing. s a little bit too much but I like that the players only have to wear white. ? he said. s weird. First Venus Williams was asked to change her pink bra in a first- round match, which drew a suitably clipped response to a media inquiry: ?
. CM Adityanath, while confirming that an explosive, by the name of Pentaerythritol tetranitrate ( PETN) , was indeed found in the Assembly, pressed for more vigilance in Uttar Pradesh, more particularly in the Assembly and rued the absence of a Quick Response Team ( QRT) for the state. " This shows the severity of the situation. I suggest that everybody present in the Assembly should be investigated by the police and that the NIA should investigate into the matter, " he said. " ( With inputs from Alok Ranjan) Also read: Uttar Pradesh ups security for Kanwar Yatra after Amarnath attack
unprecedented? . Singh, who reviewed the flood situation in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur with officials of these states here, said the damage caused by the rains was ? s Office are closely coordinating with a team, led by union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju, which is currently visiting the region to assess the flood situation there.
s wife? Access Hollywood? t the only uncomfortable moment the France first lady shared with US President Trump, however. Harmless ( @ InertAlien) July 13, 2017Trump to Macron: Your wife is old but still hot, seems like a high- quality person, her arm did not come off when I pulled it. ? ! # trumpfrance? pic.
And now, HT has learnt that Hollywood director Guy Ritchie has finalised Siddharth Gupta for the pivotal role. s makers, ? The makers were desperate to find an Indian actor who was not only a fresh face but also fits the role of an adventurous boy. ? Disney neither confirmed nor denied signing Siddharth.
he wrote. | ? ? READ? While we all know that none of these reports are true, it is out in public domain and it is imperative that the cricket- loving public at large is made aware of the reality. After the appointment of Zaheer Khan and Rahul Dravid as consultants with the Indian team created a storm in the media, the Cricket Advisory Committee ( CAC) members have taken up the matter with Committee of Administrators ( CoA) and BCCI, asking them to clarify the impression created against their intentions to appoint the two alongside chief coach Ravi Shastri. Mr. Sourav Ganguly, Mr. Sachin Tendulkar and Mr. VVS Laxman ?
constructive role? So, the matter is that cross- border terrorism in our region emanating from a particular source is threatening peace and stability not only in India but in other neighbouring countries, ? heart? ? MEA spokesperson Gopal Baglay told reporters.
? Karimnagar one- town inspector Srinivasa Rao said. Reddy, a farmer, told the police that he had admitted his son into the IIT foundation course being offered by the school with a hope that the boy would become a top engineer. An 11- year- old student committed suicide by jumping off the second floor of his school building in Karimnagar district of Telangana ostensibly after failing to cope with parental pressure to study IIT foundation course. Initially, the parents attributed Srikar?
82 lakh, changed the faulty energy meter of the consumer, issued a showcause notice to the junior engineer ( revenue) concerned, while also deciding to change the rural revenue franchisee of the area. Aggrieved Manoj Kumar told HT over phone: ? 81 lakh. The revised energy bill. ?
? P. Chidambaram ( @ PChidambaram_ IN) July 13, 2017Eight months after demonetisation was announced in November 2016, the RBI chief refused to give the total amount of junked notes deposited with various banks, saying they are still being counted. leasing? Rahul Gandhi posted on Twitter attaching a report by Firstpost. 4 lakh crore against Rs 17.
improper maintenance? Bedi then told officials that toilets needed to be maintained in a clean manner, the sources said. unclean?
Zimbabwe? This is Mugabe? s President Robert Mugabe is in Singapore for medical reasons, prompting opposition figures to question whether the 93- year- old still has the stamina to run the country. non- resident president?
As the stand- off between Indian and Chinese soldiers continue at the Doklam plateau in Sikkim and the borders with Pakistan remains hot, India has quietly authorised the Indian Army to make emergency purchases of ammunition, stores, spares for several weapon platform worth thousands of crore so that the army is ready for a " short intense war" , top sources told India Today. These items can be purchased through the emergency purchase route. Rather, the limit to spending has been tied to the minimum stores, ammunition that must be in the reserve of the army at given time. NO CAP ON SPENDING The executive order authorising the Vice Chief of Indian Army to make emergency purchases was issued recently. In a report placed before the Parliament in 2015, the CAG had observed: " while availability of authorised stock against War Wastage Reserve ( WWR) to meet the expected duration of operation formed the basic criteria for ensuring the operational readiness of the Army, we found during the review that against the WWR of 40 ( I) days, the availability of ammunition was only in 10 per cent of the total types of ammunition held ( March 2013) . "
Six Afghan teenage girls are to compete in person in a global robotics competition in Washington on Sunday after the US reversed a decision not to grant them visas. case. We are so happy I can? seemed baffled. s discrimination. ? She said the team wanted to show the world how far Afghan girls had come during a western intervention that began before most of them were born. t do this? said Azizi. said Lida Azizi, 16.
While many condemned decorously, various Indian political organisations have taken the mourning to the next level. # WATCH: Bajrang Dal and Vishva Hindu Parishad protest against # AmarnathTerrorAttack in Agra brandishing weapons ( pistol, rifle and swords) pic. twitter. According to a Patrika report, Tiwari said that the Centre should take direct action against terrorism and failing to do so will result in Bajrang Dal and Hindu Vishva Parishad considering to oppose Haj yatra.
25 to Rs 1. 77 a litre and diesel Rs1. With the imposition of Goods and Services Tax ( GST) , Octroi was abolished, but oil companies had continued to charge SSC on fuel and cooking gas in Maharashtra. ?
Issues raised in the drivers? About 300 Ola and Uber taxi drivers have sought state BJP president Raosaheb Danve? We received positive feedback from BJP leaders. Under the scheme, the state has made it mandatory for drivers using their vehicles for app- based taxi services like Ola and Uber, to register themselves with the transport authorities and follow several rules. ?
. Traders have been complaining that tempo and other commercial vehicles are being stopped by traffic policemen who are demanding to see the GST bills and invoices of the goods being transported. said Bundela. ? s traders.
Our directions are already there. This is a phenomenal amount. Passing detailed orders on the PIL by advocate M L Sharma in 2011, to seek a tab on functioning of NGOs, the bench had said mere blacklisting of NGOs who do not file annual statements will not suffice. . tax payers money .
Officials haven? Ghatkopar? second Marine Drive? by MbPT. The extension is being planned to provide connectivity up to south Mumbai via port land, which is going to be developed as a ? ?
Constable Pawan Kumar and constable Vikash ? ? said DCP Rohini Rishi Pal. An off- duty Delhi police constable was shot at and another was hit with a pistol butt in a case of road rage in Narela on Wednesday night. Police have registered a case at Narela police station and are yet to make any arrests in the case.
said Vadim Prokhorov, a lawyer for Nemtsov? The court handed the longest sentence, of 20 years, to Zaur Dadayev, a former soldier in Chechnya and the man state prosecutors said pulled the trigger. ? Shamsudin Tsakayev, Dadayev? incontrovertible proof?
According to Sebi, Goldmine Agro had raked in Rs 35. The regulator observed that allotment of NCDs by the firm was a public issue, which under the rules require a compulsory listing on a recognised stock exchange. However, the company had not given details about the number of allottees.
READ? | ? The Board of Control for Cricket in India also said that the appointment of both Zaheer and Dravid was done after consulting new head coach Ravi Shastri. ? the release added. s Head Coach.
Among those who returned the awards were Krishna Singh Moktan, former IG? The minister? On Wednesday night, protesters continued to vandalise government properties in the hills, including the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration ( GTA) information centre near Darjeeling? ? said a district police official. But we are not scared, ?
https: / / t. co/ o5FecfE7iv? Police say a Texas man who became trapped inside an ATM slipped notes to customers via the receipt slot pleading for them to help him escape. Please help. I? .
Mr. Akshay Kumar? . While Abhishek only hoped that his idol would watch the video, he probably never expected Akki to acknowledge his gesture by not only sharing the video on Twitter but also giving a ? You are my inspiration. ? It? Salute to you Mr. # ABRK, ?
terminal decline? friendly take- over? Like Modi, he has no family burden, but, unlike Modi, he is not a megalomaniac. fantasy? The 131- year old party, the columnist- author believed, could not be a major political player anymore, and could at best move from its present 44 seats in the Lok Sabha to 100. ? . ? he said.
Monday Night # Raw has plenty of LIVE microphones. # MayMacWorldTour @ thenotoriousmma @ FloydMayweather, " Triple H tweeted. . As per the Guardian, during the press conference, McGregor made fun of Mayweather' s clothes, mocked his unpaid tax bill and promised to knock the boxing great out in less than four rounds. Dance for me, son!
s fishermen. The BMC is going to write to the MMRDA to jointly approach the Ministry of Environment for a green nod. ? Tandel said. The city?
one- page short affidavit? and ? unconditional? READ | ? Senior advocate Gopal Subramanium, who is assisting the court as amicus curiae ( friend of court) in the matter, had said if the court was magnanimous in granting pardon to Thakur, then he has nothing to say, but the apology should be unqualified and explicit in terms. s autonomy. unconditional and unqualified apology?
. he said. s fine. Obviously it? s not easy to kind of play on the highest level throughout the entire season, then be able to do that over and over again every season, and then stay healthy. The injury was especially frustrating for the 12- time Grand Slam winner as he felt he was finally beginning to play his best tennis after a turbulent period. ? Djokovic? Djokovic said.
Kashmiri? Hacked by NABEEL? The one thing the government fear is the day we stand together, ? The message was being flashed each time we visited the website and unlike floating advertisements, it was blocking the entire homepage, ? ? they said. he added.
Indian Women? Preeti Dubey? | ? s Hockey team secured a hard- fought 1- 0 win against Chile to book their tickets for the knockout stage of the FIH? s defence.
Sharma said. the minister added. He ( PM) started with the promise that the glow of freedom would reach every person in the country. ? s Salt Satyagraha ( 1930- 31) against the British Rule Background?
Honestly the true followers of the game understand that such things ( run out) happen sometimes. India will play three Tests, five ODIs and a lone T20 international in Sri Lanka starting July 26" I like to perform when there are challenges. I do not play the game for critics. It is a good thing for me and everyone in the family is so happy, " said Jadeja on the birth of his baby girl, even confessing,   " Sometimes when I go home, I get bored so now I have a toy to play with now, it will be a good time pass for me. " Ravindra Jadeja and his wife Reeva Solanki, who got married on April 17 last year in Rajkot, became parents to a baby girl at the  start of last month. "
. The Telangana Prohibition and Excise Department issued notices to some Tollywood actors, directors and producers under section 67 of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act asking them to appear before it next week to explain their alleged links with the arrested accused. ? First we concentrated on student users and now focus is on other users, ? 4 lakh. squares?
However, Mr Aziz has not even shown the courtesy to acknowledge my letter" , she had tweeted. Pakistan is considering India' s request for the grant of visa to the mother of Kulbhushan Yadav, " Pakistan Foreign Office Spokesperson Nafees Zakaria was quoted as saying by state- run Radio Pakistan. India had approached the International Court of Justice in May seeking provisional stay on the execution of Jadhav which was granted. Also read | Kulbhushan Jadhav row: Pakistan snubs India' s demand for consular accessAlso read | Sushma slams Aziz for being mum on visa for Kulbhushan Jadhav' s mother
Our film is fictional. So, the similarities [ between Divya' s character and Jayalalithaa] begin and end with the fact that she plays a female politician, who is a go- getter. Divya is a fine actor. A lot of effort has also been put into her look in the film, since the makers wanted her appearance and mannerisms to be " exactly like Jayalalithaa' s, " according to a source.
Japan? The black T- shirt worn by entrepreneur Takafumi Horie also carried a No war message on one side and a peace symbol on a lapel. s Afternoon Live daily talk show. s co- host apologized.
Remember how Deepika Padukone was only too happy to chop off his twirling moustache after Bajirao Mastani? She was so happy! I do not feel like that at all. The actor, who by his own admission is very attached to his facial hair, needed AR Rahman' s cult hit Urvasi Urvasi to get him through the act of chopping it off.
s Rockstar ( 2011) . t sure whether she? That didn? Coming from a modelling background and then doing a film with Saif and Deepika, and that, too, in my debut venture? It was my first film and with no background in acting, I wasn? ? shares Diana.
After his return from vacation, Rahul attacks Modi, and not terrorists. she asked. BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi, at a press conference, asked the Congress vice president to read the history of his family, saying that they were responsible for problems in Kashmir. Gandhis attack on Modi showed his " immature" mind, she said.
With young girls it? It? She said: ? s a good idea anyway. I think I agree with it, but I do have reservations over whether it will actually prevent anyone from getting a disorder if they are on that path anyway. with reservations ? We can share experiences together and value them in their own right, rather than because the picture has been validated by 100 likes on whichever social media platform they use. ? missing out?
Suh booked Barker? no matter how well I treat others, it doesn? When Suh later asked if it was OK to bring two friends and two dogs along, Barker said it was fine but the group would need to pay an additional $ 50 a night, according to screenshots of their text messages. t matter. re Asian, you? Asian? . ? We are interested in facilitating the types of outcomes that allow people to not only be compensated for harm but transform their relationships with each other and their communities. sharing economy?
to protect? ordered? said. He has forbidden everyone from doing this, and those violating his orders will have to bear the brunt of his curse, ? s tourism department? Malana village in Himachal Pradesh, famous for its premium quality hashish, has just become off limits for tourists after its presiding deity Jamlu ? ? s army.
ve asked for the words ? We? Nihalani wants the documentary? . to be removed. s documentary? these days? Because we felt a documentary on an Indian Nobel laureate, referring so insensitively to our politics and religion, could result in a serious breach in the peace and harmony of the country. ?
Seated with Clive Lloyd, Arjuna Ranatunga and Allan Border, who all led their respective teams to a World Cup victory, Ganguly, in his characteristic wit, shared the Indian side of the World Cup story. When reminded of the incident, Ganguly said it was only a way of " relieving the pressure" . " But today, the Indians will not buckle under pressure, " the former Indian captain said. It gave them that lift and they realised they can do well. " England is one country. Whoever plays better wins.
t fulfilled. People only like singers till the time their songs are featured in films, ya jab tak kisi bade hero ki playback karte hain ( or as long as one sings playback for a major star) , ? I? Though he isn? t get any recognition at all, whereas they have the most important roles in every film today, ? ? t think I have that liberty now.
twitter. t it Romantic? ? s Baywatch, in which she played the villain opposite Dwayne Johnson, and the upcoming A Kid Like Jake, which also stars Jim Parsons and Claire Danes. @ priyankachopra on the set of # isntitromantic # piggychops # priyankachopra A post shared by priyanka beauty ( @ priyankachopra_ beauty) on Jul 12, 2017 at 5: 34pm PDT Priyanka on set of " isnt it romantic" . .
only to be struck by the mammal moments later, said Mackie Green of the Campobello Whale Rescue Team. They got the whale totally disentangled and then some kind of freak thing happened and the whale made a big flip, ? ? it noted. . t explain why the deaths have seemingly occurred within such a short time frame, they found signs of severe blunt trauma and bruising on two of the whales, suggesting collision with a vessel, while the third had been tangled in fishing gear for weeks. Howlett?
The information was conveyed to Anti- Terrorist Squad ( ATS) , Crime Branch. An unverified call warning about bomb planted in Mumbai' s Churchgate station today prompted an immediate search operation by the local police. It later turned out to be a hoax, officials said. - With inputs from Saurabh Vaktania, Mayuresh Ganapatye and Mustafa Shaikh
strongly? cowardly terrorist attack? The United States and India will continue to fight together against terrorist threats in every part of the world, ? ?
s campaign. Rohan Bopanna and his Canadian partner Gabriela Dabrowski entered the quarter- finals in mixed doubles category of Wimbledon, while it was curtains on Sania Mirza- Ivan Dodig? He is now the only Indian left in the competition.
The incident was caught on camera. At a public meeting organised during the programme to launch Harita Haaram ( a massive plantation programme) in Mahabubabad, the local MLA allegedly touched the woman IAS inappropriately. The CM also asked Deputy Chief Minister Kadiam Srihari and TRS MP Sitaram Naik " to speak to the collector and settle the matter on behalf of the government and the TRS" , and said such incidents should not recur. Rao warned the MLA that if he does not change his behaviour, he would be suspended from the party.
a children? Dnyneshwar Pawar? The bench said that if Pawar failed to produce a certificate issued by head of Padmavati Balkashram within four months, proceedings against him will restart. ? they added.
The green panel, to which the 1985 PIL of noted environment activist M C Mehta was transferred by the Supreme Court in 2014, had divided the cleanliness drive in four segments of the river which passes through Uttarakhand, UP, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal, spanning a distance of over 2500 kms. Out of this, Rs 4864. 30 crore. Also read: NGT pulls up Haryana government, Bharti Realty over felling of trees in Aravallis on Eid weekend
They posted the doppleganger? insulting? A La' Vile De Satara ( @ AdvancedMaushi) July 13, 2017Tanmay Bhat & Rohan Joshi are ppl who will put dog filter on PM Modi' s pic at night and wake up shouting no freedom of expression in India. While your doppelganger might still be wandering around somewhere across the world, the internet has managed to find not one but many of Prime Minister Narendra Modi? ? Come Modi. https: / / t. co/ 1Jfgt6srbt? Butthurt congresstards for once. Tanmay Bhat ( @ thetanmay) July 13, 2017pic.
s apology came hours after celebrity website TMZ posted video taken while the actor was being booked when he accused police of being racist and told a black officer he was going to hell. s Office. ? LaBeouf? I have been struggling with addiction publicly for far too long, and I am actively taking steps toward securing my sobriety and hope I can be forgiven for my mistakes. Shia LaBeouf ( @ thecampaignbook) July 12, 2017?
around the world? ( @ jennyyangtv) July 11, 2017Are they really out here claiming it is hard to find an actor of Middle Eastern/ South Asian descent who can act and sing to play Aladdin? twitter. https: / / t. co/ GsfBfIB801? Jenny Yang? Sopan Deb ( @ SopanDeb) July 11, 2017Disney: Guy Ritchie is perfect to direct Aladdin. ! ?
Krushna Abhishek and Kashmera Shah became parents to twin boys two months back, and few people know that Bollywood superstar Salman Khan was one of the people who nudged Krushna to have babies. " Many people counselled me about having babies, one of them was Salman, " says the comedian. " On how it felt to become a father" When I first saw the twins, I did not know how to react. Krushna Abhishek will be seen in The Drama Company, set to premiere on July 16 at 8pm on Sat- Sun.
We have prepared a report listing incidents where CISF failed to notice components of IED in the bag. a CISF official said. We have an in- built software through which we throw random images of bomb, knives and other prohibited items and if our staff fail to detect it, we take action against them. ? card, helped gold smugglers? the official added.
? A Delhi youth was stabbed in a train last month after an argument, as the crowd accused him and his brothers of being ? To curb cow vigilantism, the Maharashtra government plans to provide beef- detection kits to police for on- the- spot meat tests. beef eaters? .
Uttar Pradesh chief minister? s visit. Last month, a storm of criticism was unleashed after the administration made similar arrangements for another visit in Deoria but took back the air conditioner and sofa from the family of another slain soldier after Adityanath left the premises. ? It? s principal secretary SP Goyal. Instead, he has asked them to welcome him by doing something for the village which he is visiting, ? read Goyal?
Sherman said. It now seems likely that the president had something to hide when he tried to curtail the investigation of ( now- fired) national security adviser Michael Flynn and the wider Russian probe, ? he added. ? s move. White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
Biju Janata Dal ( BJD) MLA Manas Madkami loves his sparkling white shoes so much that he would not mind being lifted and carried by his supporters to prevent them from getting dirty. ? twitter. 1. ALSO READ:
This wholesale cash & carry stores by @ walmartindia will bring investment of ? ? Chief minister Devendra Fadanvis was present at the occasion. The state skill development and entrepreneurship department and UNDP have signed a Letter of Understanding ( LoU) with Godrej and Boyce to skill, train and guide women in Maharashtra. Aurangabad ( Marathwada) and Amravati ( Vidarbha) .
I always knew that if I worked in Bollywood, I have certain limitations and boundaries that I would not want to cross and this movie was about a sensitive topic, everything was handled so tastefully. . am. Like my very first scene in the movie is me sitting at a dining table across from her and misbehaving with her - - it was terrifying, ? ? s how I function. m forever grateful.
The Cheema family demanded answers from the school and authorities whether their son was bullied at school or not. An allergic reaction occurred because a piece of cheese was ' thrown' on him. His father was not convinced by the explanation and felt that the incident did not make any ' sense' . Karanbir was allergic to dairy products and always religiously avoided them.
lost her? The woman said she separated from her husband after the incident but he and the two men were constantly harassing her, the officer said. s complaint. Indore? ?
. smell harassment? ? Konica Minolta, the firm previously best known for producing cameras and printers, believes there is a market for the odour checker in Japan because people are ? Daisuke Koda, who is the incubation lead at Konica Minolta Japan? s odours. aromatic Walkman?
A nine- year- old boy? The boy? ? s identity. But when the boy did not return home even by evening, his family and neighbours launched a search in the area. burn marks?
Because of little information and awareness about the skin problem, Sara had to undergo numerous tests before it was established that she had the disorder that was causing severe acne and sores on the top of her hairline and making the skin on her body loose and stretchy. I was lucky I didn? Love Your Lines? ? But the one thing that we are really missing are people with disorders within our everyday commercials, ? said Sara.
s medical reimbursement scheme. A committee headed by top medical officials would examine and approve medical bills submitted by legislators. 96 crore a year to pay the insurance premiums of 335 sitting legislators and 837 former legislators ? It will be a cashless facility and the insured members will not have to pay from their pockets. ? he added.
The woman said that she went to a constable at the railway station, however, he did not do anything. What' s more shocking is that when she called a police posted at the railway station where the accused was present, he did nothing and asked the woman to sit somewhere else and left. With no help in sight, the woman soon shared the ordeal and posted the video on social media. When she boarded the Tapovan Express the lights were off and Pradhan who was sitting began unzipping his pants. 45 am. Also Read:
? While India? s first bullet train is proposed to hit the track in 2023, the training centre is supposed to start operating by 2020, Khare told HT. Khare said. 1, 10, 000 crore.
As a reward for bribing the prison authorities from Rao to jail warden, Sasikala gets special menu daily, cooked by special chefs in a special kitchen near the women' s cell, " Roopa is said to have mentioned in the report. Sasikala has given Rs 1 crore bribe to Rao and another Rs 1 crore was distributed among officials, including warden of the central jail where she is serving 4- year sentence in an illegal wealth case for allowing her special privileges, " the report which the DIG has submitted to the state government said. " ALSO READ: Bengaluru jail rules violated for VVIP prisoner SasikalaVK Sasikala receives hate mails even in jail
beaten up? In the backdrop of the mob violence on Wednesday morning, the residents of the Mahagun Moderne in Sector 78 have decided not to allow ? s Mahagun Moderne society after maid is ? Bangladeshi? ? We know the chaos would make the women jobless, but oppression cannot be tolerated by anyone in the society, ? @ HTNoidaGzb @ htTweets pic. said Brijesh Singh, a resident.
s first overseas base and we will base troops there. It makes sense there is attention on this from foreign public opinion, ? s first overseas military base, in Djibouti in the Horn of Africa, have left China to begin setting up the facility as China? Xinhua said the establishment of the base was a decision made by both countries after ? it said. ? Djibouti? s Liberation Army?
witch hunt? In a separate interview with Reuters, Trump said he did not fault his son for meeting with a Russian lawyer during the 2016 presidential election campaign and that he was unaware of the meeting until a few days ago. smoking gun? Trump said. ? re opening up fracking, all the things that he would hate ? very, very well? he said. So what I keep hearing about that he would have rather had Trump, I think ? * Look.
( AP)  						They? According to The Hollywood Reporter, Quentin Tarantino is quietly starting to put together his latest project and is talking to A- list actors for what is promising to be a unique take on the Manson Family murders. In this Aug. 20, 1970, file photo, Charles Manson, head of the cultic Manson Family charged with murder- conspiracy in the Tate- LaBianca slayings, is escorted by deputy sheriffs to court in Los Angeles. Script details are fuzzy but one of the stories centres on Sharon Tate, the actor and wife of director Roman Polanski who was murdered by Manson and his followers in 1969. Follow @ htshowbiz for more
Farzaneh Shrafbafi, a professor of aeronautical engineering at Amir Kabir University of Technology and Shahid Sattari University of Aeronautical Engineering and the first Iranian woman to get a Ph. pic. com/ rNw7TknmlmIn an interview given to an Iranian daily back in 2014, Farzaneh told the newspaper that she was always a keen student of science.
Bollywood actor Govinda? s Money Hai Toh Honey Hai, when the actor slapped him. Coming as a relief to the actor, the case was closed after the actor tendered an unconditional apology to Santosh Ray, the complainant and the apex court. ( ANI)
s form. In an editorial in the Sena? Read more: Mere condemnation of Amarnath attack won? t do, time for PM Modi to prove he has 56- inch chest, says SenaThe Sena said it is unfortunate that while the Union government celebrated the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax in the entire country it could not apply the single levy that has unified the country to Kashmir due to Article 370. ?
s traffic. non- peak hours? The analysis, which is based on data from Google Maps, shows that roads in Delhi are more congested on weekends, with an average peak speed of 25kmph, less than the weekday figure of 26kmph. These roads have been designed to achieve a driving speed of 50- 70 km/ hr as per the Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure ( Planning & Engineering) Centre ( UTTIPEC) street design guidelines as well as Indian Road Congress guidelines for urban roads. On Sri Aurobindo Marg from Lado Sarai to Kidwai Nagar West, the average speed is 19 km/ hr during the worst peak hours between 6 pm and 7 pm; during weekends it can drop to 7 km/ hr, ? Lutyens? ? she added.
February 9, 2013, 8 am. Convict Afzal Guru hanged inside Tihar jail. Prison officials said though there is a post of an executioner in the prison manual ever since its construction in the mid 1950s, jail records do not show any name who has worked as one. said an official. Or was it a jail staff who tied the noose? If there were a salaried man, he would be getting paid for no work. ?
witch hunt? hoax? s mission. the facts, the law and the impartial pursuit of justice, ? Though Trump as a candidate professed support for waterboarding, Wray said he considered torture to be wrong and ineffective. ? Breaking with the President, the lawyer Donald Trump picked to lead the FBI declared Wednesday that he does not believe a special counsel investigation into possible coordination between Russia and the Trump presidential campaign is a ? s going on, but before you guys all pull the rip cords, please give me a heads- up so I can jump with you, ? Look, I don?
Women are barred from driving. The advisory Shura Council approved the introduction of physical education for girls in 2014, although the decision was never implemented as it faced pushback from clerics who decried it as ? Westernisation? The kingdom?
More than stardom I believe he is born for Lovedom! ? https: / / t. co/ xEwz6d6Gjd? Shah Rukh Khan feels elated that his third child AbRam is receiving affection from all around. s birthday.
s condition. The app will also help find location of all MCD toilets across the city. ? According to the results of the Swachh Survekshan survey 2017, North MCD, SDMC and EDMC ranked 279, 202 and 196 respectively in a survey held across 434 Indian cities on waste management, sanitation conditions and overall cleanliness. he said. s time, ?
s Federer? t helping. The serves and forehands were where I could feel it the most and after that there was really no point. t look it? ? 6. 17pm BST 18: 17  Third set tie- break: Federer* 0- 2 Raonic ( * denotes server) : Federer puts a seemingly simple forehand wide. 26pm BST 18: 26  Well, who? I wonder if he? s not the shoulder, it? Updated at 6. 37pm BST 17: 37  After taking a rather lengthy toilet break after the second set, Milos Raonic is feeling more peppy and he earns his first break point in the second game of the third set. 18pm BST 18: 18  Third set tie- break: Federer* 0- 3 Raonic ( * denotes server) : Raonic crashes a forehand down the line to take a very firm grip on proceedings! 10pm BST 18: 10  Tomas Berdych looks rather sheepish after, er, claiming his, er, third ever win over Novak Djokovic. 47pm BST   6. 5. says Michael Devine.
and were performing stunts to impress girls at the promenade. ? Dhoom- style? They were not just risking their own lives, but were posing a threat to those sitting at Marine Drive too. Read more:
Indian agencies? highly reprehensible act? ? twitter. Source: News Reports The latest attack comes hours after a curfew and social- media ban was lifted in the Kashmir Valley after restrictions were imposed in anticipation of a possible attack to mark the death anniversary of Hizbul Mujahideen leader Burhan Wani. The Kashmir Police blamed the Laskhar- e- Taiba ( LeT) , a terror group, for the attack, alleging it was masterminded by Pakistani terrorist Abu Ismail. s meeting with American President Donald Trump in Washington, DC. ( Indiaspend.
Shiv Sena legislator and women? The superintendent, however, denied having sent the letter to Gorhe. s rights activist Neelam Gorhe has called for a thorough investigation into alleged harassment and sexual abuse of staff in a district jail of Maharashtra by senior officials. Gorhe said, ? s image, or there might even be some truth in the complaint.
wiped out? Trump tweeted. by Iraqi security forces. But still, the loss of one of the twin capitals and a jewel of their so- called caliphate is a decisive blow to ISIS and certainly something for the Iraqis to celebrate. ? IS is an evil enemy who will resort to any lengths to maintain their hold on the territory they claim as their caliphate, Townsend said. he said. Townsend said.
. s largest, to under one million in the biggest troop reduction in its history as part of a restructuring process, an official Chinese daily said. it said. s Liberation Army ( PLA) will increase the numbers of other services, including navy and missile forces, the PLA Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese military, reported. ? This reform will provide other services, including the PLA Rocket Force, Air Force, Navy and Strategic Support Force ( mainly responsible for electronic warfare and communication) , with more resources and inputs, and the PLA will strengthen its capability to conduct overseas missions, ? s international status, Xu said.
5 lakh kms, whichever is later. . over- aged? DTC_ wrap { width: 60% ; border: dashed 1px # 999; padding: 10px; font- family: " Open Sans" ; float: left; margin- right: 12px} . The DTC which is one of the oldest State Transport Units ( STUs) of India is also worried that if things do not move quickly form here it would be left with only 6, 517 employees by 2025 out of which 5052 will be regular drivers alone. Besides, over 78 per cent buses are those that age in six to eight years.
s third- largest economy. Patel couldn? 4 lakh crore. s Saugata Ray alleged ? t provide to the panel, chaired by Congress leader M Veerappa Moily, a date by which the Reserve Bank of India would come out with the exact amount of the money deposited. Trinamool? genuine reasons?
Krushna? The actor, however, says the comedy show cannot be termed a comeback as he was continuously getting a lot of offers. ? But I feel no one should compare. I wouldn? he says.
says an insider. Monsoon Weekend To Do: 1. @ ralphandrusso, ? HBS? ( To see the rest of the images in this series go to my app, link in bio) A post shared by sonamkapoor ( @ sonamkapoor) on Jul 8, 2017 at 3: 12am PDT ? 3. ?
In his forthcoming film Munna Michael, based on dance and action, Tiger will be seen as a street dancer who is a diehard Michael Jackson fan. ( IANS)  						? said Tiger. Yes, I won? He believes he is a fairly good dancer and that he went through intensive rehearsals to get each and every single dance move right. Yes, I can do a lot of re- takes, but taking the extra struggle will help me to prove myself differently. . ? hero?
The police, who booked a case of suspicious death, shifted the body of the boy to Gandhi Hospital, Secunderabad for post- mortem. They questioned why the boy? ? Jeedimetla sub- inspector K Srinivas told HT. s death, ?
Police, London Ambulance Service and London? The 36- year- old, who represented the United Arab Emirates in the F34 class javelin and shot put at Rio 2016, was training at Newham Leisure Centre in preparation for the championships, which begin on Friday at the London Stadium. He said: ? s will. ? s family who are in the UAE have been informed of his death and the UAE team were brought together at the team hotel to be informed of the tragic news. The athlete?
Individual don? Ravi Shastri, a day after being named as the next Indian cricket team head coach, announced that individuals don? s ultimate comeback man? he said. There will be arguments, but we need to look at the bigger picture. Regarding working with bowling coach Zaheer Khan and overseas batting consultant Rahul Dravid, Shastri said: ? ? Shastri said.
It is believed Pakistani troops targeted two army jawans near Furkian Gali of Keran sector in Kupwara district. In the meantime, the Home Ministry has sounded a " highest alert" from across Jammu and Kashmir in the wake of the killing of 7 Amarnath pilgrims by militants in Anantnag. It is not yet clear whether the jawans were fired by Pakistani troops or Pakistan' s Border Action Team ( BAT) .
vaccine billionaire? 3 billion doses annually. Mahatma Gandhi is one of the most respected and revered figures in the world and considered to be the father of our nation, and so to have such a rare and intimate depiction of him at work, and signed by the great man himself, is an incredible honour and an absolute pleasure, ? ? A rare 1931 pencil portrait of Mahatma Gandhi and a collection of his handwritten letters that went under the hammer at the Sothebys auction here on Tuesday have been bought by noted Indian businessman Cyrus Poonawalla, popularly known as the ?
? It is also derogative of Tamil culture and hurts the sentiments of seven crore Tamilians, ? They claim the show is obscene. the statement added.
ungrateful? s your problem. Taapsee, who is doing a Telugu film ( titled Anando Brahma) after several years, adds that as soon as the negative reactions surfaced, she made it a point to clear the air with K. Raghavendra Rao. . m waiting for the point [ when] everyone will hear what I have to say, rather than me saying the same thing ten times to ten different people, ? She says, ? ? I don? Right now, I?
Aizawl FC? ? s remarkable 2016/ 17 I- League title win is set to be made into a Bollywood movie, after the club signed a deal with Rajnandini Entertainment Limited, headed by producer Tarun Rathi, to take the club? s football fraternity.
s family. Whatever news that? In a matter of hours, almost every popular portal had carried the news and it worried Vithika? ? We are doing great, ?
It was a riot- like situation on Wednesday morning outside a housing society in Noida' s Sector 78 after a mob of few villagers surrounded the premises and started pelting stones. She was allegedly held captive in the boot of her employer' s car and beaten up for stealing from their house. Found with no clothes, urine stench Delhi shocker: Rape victim forced to carry body of her child in Metro to Gurgaon
198 Anderson & Root Eng v Ind, Trent Bridge, 2014163 Agar & Hughes Aus v Eng, Trent Bridge, 2013151 Collinge & Hastings NZ v Pak, Auckland, 1973143 Best & Ramdin WI v Eng, Edgbaston, 2012133 Bari & Raja Pak v WI, Bridgetown, 1977133 Khan & Tendulkar Ind v Bang, Dhaka, 2004130 Foster & Rhodes Eng v Aus, Sydney, 1903128 Higgs & Snow Eng v WI, The Oval, 1966137 Mailey & Taylor Aus v Eng, Sydney, 1924? Australia? Wilfred Rhodes and RE Foster put on 130 in Sydney in 1903- 04. ? s unbeaten 51 for India on the second day. ? s 81 is the highest score by an England No11, beating the 59 not out scored by John Snowagainst West Indies at The Oval in 1966. ?
Modiâ? Rahul Gandhi said a " short- term political gain for PM Modi from PDP alliance" has cost India " massively" . ? The BJP, however, asked Gandhi to " rise to the occasion" and not do politics over the Amarnath terror strike after he attacked the PM. Also read: Amarnath Yatra terror attack: Army chief tells jawans to keep up pressure on terroristsMassive hunt on in Kashmir to nab Amarnath terror attack mastermind Abu IsmailWas Amarnath pilgrim bus original target of Anantnag attack?
13- 14 saal ka baccha ye sab kaise kar sakta hai? ) Lalu described the CBI raids as part of a conspiracy hatched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah to " finish off him and his party - RJD" . " From Day 1 they have been trying to break our alliance but  Mahagathbandhan is will not break and BJP will get a befitting reply, " Tejashwi, who has been named by the CBI in a land- for- hotel case, said. " People of Bihar elected me. Tejashwi was a minor. .
The Cricket Advisory Committee comprising of Sourav Ganguly, Sachin Tendulakr and VVS Laxman picked Ravi Shastri as Team India' s new head coach on Tuesday after consulting with Team India captain Virat Kohli. The 55- year old, who had earlier chose not to apply for the coach' s job once Anil Kumble stepped down, changed his mind after the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI) extended the deadline for the applications to July 9. India then won the whitewashed Sri Lanka 5- 0. 1 TEST RANKINGThe lowest point during his term has to be losing the three- match limited- overs series against Bangladesh in 2- 1 right before the Sri Lanka series in 2015. NO. India also became No.
, ? Hindu India? Gujarat? Idea of individual liberty has taken the biggest knock in India: Amartya Sen: Read Rajesh Mahapatra? Ghosh was told The Argumentative Indian, which was screened at the CBFC office in Esplanade on Tuesday, could only be released with a UA certificate if he agreed to beep out the words, the newspaper said. . There is no way I would agree to beep or mute or change anything that one of the greatest minds of our times has said in the documentary, ? ?
If you are constrained please let us know, ? s plea. s lawyer, the latter replied: ? In a u- turn the Election Commission said on Wednesday that it cannot take a stand on a demand to bar convicted politicians for life from contesting polls, prompting the Supreme Court to criticise the poll panel for shying away from a crucial issue. ? the bench shot back at the counsel.
I am ashamed that I? ( Willy Sanjuan/ Invision/ AP)  						? m part of an industry that has never allowed a woman to work with a budget higher ( than Wonder Woman) . Theron said.
ll fix your cuffs if you calm down. ? Make sure you know my lawyers are watching, ? police said. s arrest last week on charges of disorderly conduct and public intoxication shows the actor hurling expletive- filled barbs at officers as he questioned the reason for his arrest. You took my rights away from me, I did nothing to you.
While Mamata slammed the Centre for non- cooperation in the time of crisis, Gorkhaland Jan Mukti Morcha ( GJM) criticised the centre' s wait and watch policy. Incidentally, both the chief minister and those working for the Gorkhaland cause have both targeted the NDA- led central government. Also Read: Darjeeling abandoned: Bimal Gurung hiding, CM Mamata Banerjee playing waiting game, MP Ahluwalia missing
. He took the stage in a star- spangled The Money Team jumper, one that McGregor was quick to zero in on when he finally had his turn with the microphone after a brief introduction from Dana White, who never appeared more like a fifth wheel given how the UFC has been marginalized from the promotion. s in a fucking track suit, ? he said. You haven? We knew I was the A- side, ? He took the stage in a star- spangled The Money Team jumper, one that McGregor was quick to zero in on when he finally had his turn with the microphone after a brief introduction from Dana White, who never appeared more like a fifth wheel given how the UFC has been marginalized from the promotion. m not the same fighter I was two years ago, but I can beat you. He? Dance for me, boy! ? We know Mr Tapout like to quit and you will, ? Mayweather said.
s additional commissioner. t worked much. Moreover, we don? Read: Delhi? The courts, National Green Tribunal and government have put curbs and introduced initiatives to reduce the pollution, while the municipal corporations launched extensive drives to fine and tow away vehicles parked at unauthorised areas. We will surely adopt the penalty parking scheme if it turns out to be successful in north Delhi. Puneet Goel, the commissioner of South Delhi Municipal Corporation, called the north agency? ? he said.
Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti also telephoned her Maharashtra counterpart and expressed grief over the death of the two pilgrims. ? bodies were flown to Surat by the Centre and then were brought to Dahanu, ? The pilgrims? Pakistan Murdabad?
said MK Pandit, chairperson of the admissions committee. Once a student? Therefore, as a matter of abundant caution, colleges and admission- seeking students need to be kept informed about the pendency of the writ petition as well as the fact that the process of re- evaluation of marks by the CBSE on the request of some students is underway, ? ? he added.
Prajakta L. Verma, joint managing director at Cidco, said, ? The government has already vetted the project in detail and it is established that it is a site- specific project and there is no alternative non- forest land available for it, so we have processed the transfer of land provided CIDCO adheres to the conditions put down by the Union government. The state government? ? Having secured a Union government clearance to handover forest land for the proposed Navi Mumbai airport after much delay, the state government has formally set aside 250 hectares of forest land in Raigad district to the City and Industrial Development Corporation ( Cidco) for the project. Verma said.
t talk about or dodge. How many men are doing a job that they did not want to do, doing things and behaving in ways that they did not want to, ? Aren? Veteran actor Ratna Pathak Shah, who will soon be seen in the film Lipstick Under My Burkha, has said the patriarchal structure anywhere in the world is hard not just on women but on men too. Within a family, since childhood you are being told that you are not really welcome, a lot of girls face it. ? . male gaze? We don? lady oriented?
Kanchanmala, 26, beat the qualifying mark in 100m Freestyle ( 1: 34: 00) , 100m Backstroke ( 1: 41: 00) , 100m Breaststroke ( 2: 01: 00) and 200m Individual Medley ( 3: 03: 00) , in which she also picked up a silver medal. She and five others participating in the Para Swimming Championships in the German capital from July 3- 9 had a harrowing time as the government money sanctioned for their tour did not reach them. Singh was allegedly of almost no help, often going missing during the main events while also going to the extent of asking for 90 pounds ( Rs 7, 462) as participation fee. " There was a time when I had no money left. The money for swimming championship in Berlin did not come on time and as the process takes around 3- 4 days, we were not able to provide it to the swimmers, " he said. " 16 lakh) while the organisers are asking for 80, 000 pounds ( Rs 66. SAI sanctioned just 40, 000 pounds ( Rs 33.
Tejashwi was a minor. Lalu described the CBI raids as part of a conspiracy hatched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah to " finish off him and his party - RJD" . " .
Out of these the corporation has short listed some 12 trams for sale. West Bengal State Transport Corporation is selling off its antique trams. It is situated off the NH 8 at Tauru- Gurgaon. Innovative Indian transports like the famous ' jugaad' - basically a water pump powering a four wheeled platform find a place beside two wheelers - both bikes and scooters of vintage flavour. Also read:
We all know that Pikachu is probably Japan' s favorite anime character and the country is absolutely obssessed with the adorable- looking pokemon. Yes, a train. The train will begin its journey on Jul 15, 2017 for public visits and will be operated all throughout the summer.
s rule was imposed on Uttarakhand. And there is no change in the situation even now, with residents organising protests every other day against the shifting of liquor shops to residential areas in the aftermath of a Supreme Court verdict. ? he added. he said.
Road Roko Aandolan? The apex court order came even as activists of the Indian National Lok Dal ( INLD) blocked the national highway near Ambala and on four other roads in Haryana as part of their one- day ? Ambulances and fire brigades, however, were allowed to pass. unconstitutional? The Supreme Court had on November 11, 2016 declared the Punjab government law ( passed in 2004) that it will not share water with Haryana as ? .
All senior management at CDM India ( who also acted as employees and agents of CDM Smith and signed contracts on behalf of CDM Smith, including CDM India? The investigations into the bribery allegations by the Fraud Section of the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice has now been closed after CDM Smith agreed to disgorge USD 4 million, which the Boston- company earned as profit due to the bribery. ? it said. Hickox said. s internal investigations, ?
Besides sentencing the two brothers, Mastan Manjhi and Senter Manjhi, both residents of Oota locality under town police station of the district, to five years in jail, the court also imposed a fine of Rs one lakh each on them. Additional District and Sessions Judge T N Tripathi held the duo guilty under the Bihar Prohibition And Excise Act, 2016.
? , ? GPS is the main tool regarding location details of the subscriber in emergency, so government has decided to implement it in all the mobile phone handsets from 1 January 2018 in a positive manner, ? . it has said.
exemplary alertness and courage? The state government also announced ex- gratia compensation of Rs six lakh each to the kin of those killed, Rs two lakh for those seriously injured and Rs one lakh for those with minor injuries, an official spokesman said. Governor N N Vohra, in his capacity as chairman of SASB, also announced a special reward of Rs 2 lakh to the driver for his alert response which saved lives of many pilgrims, the spokesman said. by which he saved several lives as he continued to drive the bus in the midst of firing by the terrorists.
Engaged as a driver by the tour operator at a daily wage of Rs 1, 000 for the 23- day trip, it was the fourth time he had gone for the Amarnath Yatra ferrying Gujrati pilgrims. Saleem? I just did my duty, ? Saleem recounted. ? s cabin. he sighed.
cleanup? internet sovereignty? China will completely block access to much of the global internet as part of a sweeping crackdown aimed at suppressing dissent and maintaining the Communist party? s push for so- called ? ? If Xi? This is a significantly escalated form of internet control and shows there is unprecedented urgency and desperation at the top of the government, ? .
25 lakh litres of milk a day to Mumbai. ? The project, however, failed as dairy units from Mumbai had apprehensions about shifting out and the government could not make the project commercially sustainable. ( Kunal Patil/ HT Photo)  						Vinod Dumada, a local activist from the Adivasi Ekta Parishad, an NGO in the region, said, ? A dairy farm at Dapchari Village in Palghar. Dapchari Dairy Project? 96 lakh. he added.
Salem? s lawyer Sudeep Passbola told the court that some of the convicts, sentenced in the first set of trial, were awarded eight years imprisonment for the offence committed which was similar to what Salem was tried for. The court will continue to hear the arguments today.
adopt? Zoo authorities are now studying the adoption schemes launched by various Indian and foreign zoos to find a way in which it could launch a scheme. So we are planning it differently and that is why we are exploring options, ? ? said Singh. It won? she added.
s society. I was shocked to hear of these remarks, which are completely unacceptable, ? While the Conservative party has tabled a debate on Wednesday to apparently discuss and condemn abuse of candidates in the general election, these comments prove their hypocrisy, ? compassionate conservatism? he said. ? https: / / t. co/ khnbjFUVGiAndrew Gwynne, Labour? Appalling. nasty party? I don?
The 33- year- old, who played in five tests and 61 one- day internationals, was charged in April with contriving to fix or improperly influence matches in the South Africa domestic Twenty20 Series and seeking to accept, or agreeing to accept, a bribe. READ? | ? ?
s DCP, Pramod Kuswah, ? In view of the terrorist attack at Anantnag on pilgrims and security forces during the Amarnath Yatra, it is advised that proper anti- terror arrangements should be put in place at all vital installations, business establishments and other vulnerable targets, including crowded markets, malls, religious places, metro stations, airport, railway stations. ? .
This was Sri Lanka? ? It? But there are no excuses. In 2016, Tharanga was at the helm when he led Sri Lanka to victory in the tri- series in Zimbabwe which also included the west Indies. Sri Lanka, who are in eighth spot, have lost points and this will give West Indies, who are currently in ninth spot, some relief.
And, as the Indian team is to play plenty of Test cricket overseas in the next two years, Rahul Dravid' s expertise as batting consultant will be immensely helpful for youngsters, " he added. Shastri was involved in a three- way race along with Virender Sehwag and Tom Moody as the advisory committee met in Mumbai to select the new coach. WATCH FULL VIDEOMeanwhile, Zaheer Khan has been named bowling coach while Rahul Dravid will be batting coach for overseas tours. Shastri was also one of the applicants last year but he was overlooked despite his good run. ZAHEER KHAN NAMED BOWLING COACHFormer India pacer Zaheer has been named bowling coach.
s election campaign. Russian government attorney? Magnitsky Act? . Additional reporting by Shaun Walker in Moscow and Oliver Laughland and Jon Swaine in New YorkHere' s my statement and the full email chain pic. Goldstone told the Associated Press on Monday he set up the meeting on behalf of a client, pop star Emin Agalarov, the son of a Moscow- based developer, Aras Agalarov, who has close ties to Putin and tried to partner with Trump in a hotel project. Again this is before the Russia mania, this is before they were building this up in the press. s elite, Yuri Chaika. crown prosecutor? ? I think the president is, I would say, frustrated with the process, the fact this continues to be an issue and he would love for us to be focused on issues like the economy, healthcare, tax reform, infrastructure. she told NBC, denying that she had any to offer. I mean, I wouldn? Clinton?
s ? bloated self- assertiveness? India? The commentary, released by the official Xinhua news agency , said India first levelled false allegations about Chinese encroachment of its territory but later changed the tone to say Indian troops had gone into Doklam ( or Donglang) region to ? it said. ? It added: ? of the boundary in Sikkim sector and that the finalisation of the frontier was being discussed by the Special Representatives on the border issue.
s not a police [ officer] ? . we don? Iran? s cars is a private space and the police has no right to enter that space without a judicial order. asked an article carried by the state Irna news agency on Monday. Obligatory wearing of the hijab has been an integral policy of the Islamic republic since the 1979 revolution but it is one the establishment has had a great deal of difficulty enforcing. ? s business. bad hijab?
s ex- husband. s Udham Singh, who made Hariyanvi cool much before Dangal happened. We never had any kind of obligations in our relationship other than when you have is that when you hold each other? I don? ? WHAT?
Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Bidita Bag during the trailer launch of Babumoshai Bandookbaaz in Mumbai on July 11. It? . ? Yes, I have done intimate scenes for the first time, so I was quite nervous to do such scenes. It also features Bidita Bag, Jatin Goswami and Divya Dutta.
. reads the act. While the university wants to get the teachers involved in assessment work, many of the teachers, especially those appointed on contract basis, are yet to receive their assignments from the university. The university? ? said the official. said Dinesh Panjwani, principal, National College, Bandra.
The girl weighs 2. Doctors of the Re1 clinic helped a woman from Titwala deliver a child at Ghatkopar railway station on Tuesday. Dr Ghule said. s suburban line. Read more: ?
? Former FMSCI president Vicky Chandhok was deputy to Mallya at the FIA and has attended all the meetings ever since the Indian passport of the troubled businessman was revoked. READ? | ?
The tough stance is against employees who benefit from administrative leniency and skip work by just signing on the register. Employees won? He said, ? 30 pm with just a lunch break.
Around 4. After a 24- hour rescue operation at Devkund waterfall in Raigad district, a rescue team from the National Disaster Response Force ( NDRF) found the dead bodies of two trekkers from Pune who had gone missing on Sunday afternoon. 30pm. s office. ? said Patil.
It has been considered necessary to arrest the social evils caused by online Rummy by issue ( of) certain modifications in the provisions of the Telangana Gaming Act, 1974 to realise the said objective, " the ordinance issued on July 8, said. Noting that online Rummy has become an addiction to several people in the state, particularly the young, the ordinance said such an addiction has affected their family life. " The Telangana State Gaming ( Amendment) Ordinance, 2017 said, " Rummy is not a skill game as it ( is) involved partly skill and partly luck or chance" .
t break. Bihar? s ruling allies appeared headed for a major confrontation on Tuesday, with a senior Janata Dal ( United) leader saying partner Rashtriya Janata Dal has four days to dispel corruption allegations against deputy chief minister Tejashwi Yadav and his father Lalu Prasad. The chief minister made it clear that so far he has not compromised on standards set for corruption and even a leader of another constituent of a former alliance partner was made to resign, ? They should come out with fact- wise reply in public, ? ? said party spokesperson Neeraj Kumar.
s Papum Pare district on Tuesday, officials said. 30 pm buried the houses at Laptap village. Major rivers in the state are flowing above the danger level while surface communication has been disrupted at many places along the NH- 415 that links Assam with Arunachal Pradesh. s fury every year and the best people can do is avoid vulnerable places and stop rampant air cutting and deforestation.
s war on Comey? He also testified that, following his dismissal, he used a third party to pass to the New York Times the details of conversations with Trump, in the hope of increasing pressure to get a special counsel appointed in the Russia investigation. secret? . I immediately prepared an unclassified memo of the conversation about Flynn and discussed the matter with FBI senior leadership. ? If you affirmatively made the decision to write a memo that was unclassified, was that because you felt at some point the facts of that meeting would have to come clean and come clear, and actually be able to be cleared in a way that could be shared with the American people? incredible bombshell? Comey replied: ?
Eh Lo! Also, I don? . A post shared by Ileana D' Cruz ( @ ileana_ official) on Mar 4, 2017 at 4: 52am PST Unlike actors who are guarded about their personal lives, Ileana wears her heart on her sleeve. Aapka Karan aka Charan aka Arjun ? the people on it were beautiful though & u will all hold a very special place in my heart ? ? It pains me to do crap work, so I will not sign just about anything.
t you? When contacted, the actor said that she has already given out all the details on Twitter and doesn? ? . News articles claiming my unsure mind led to impulsive upload of nudity and hence took it off. Don? # iknowUknowmypassword ? # instagram pic. !
? the report said. There is a lengthy 12- year waiting period for Indians applying for permanent residency also known as Green Card in the US as skilled employees, according to a new report. Among those who adjusted their status, 72 per cent were of ages 25 to 64, compared with 55 per cent of new arrivals, the research report said. diversity?
Initially, the services will be made available to students of state- run universities and government funded colleges. ? 94 crore for Rashtriya Madhyamik Sikshak Sangh and additional Rs 2. Lucknow University spokesperson NK Pandey said. The government has also sanctioned Rs 27 crore for the completion of new government engineering colleges in Sonbhadra, Kannauj and Mainpuri.
extremely seriously? s scheduled programming. s Song, a 1970s ditty by an artist going by the name Ivor Biggun, has been illegally forced on to the output of Mansfield 103. wanker? Speaking to BBC Radio 4? 2, said: ? We are told by Ofcom who are investigating the matter, that you only need, and this is the frightening thing, a small transmitter and if you can get near where there is an outside broadcast or a signal and you can overpower that signal [ and] you?
bogged down? she says in the letter. Singh tweets. utter contempt? ? 10: 20 am: Gujarat chief minister Vijay Rupani along with Gujarat BJP chief Jitu Vaghani have left for Surat to meet the victims? cowardly? Press Trust of India ( @ PTI_ News) July 11, 20174: 43 pm: Home minister Rajnath Singh hails the people of Kashmir for their unequivocal condemnation of the terror attack on Amarnath pilgrims. I hope the pilgrims will cooperate by giving advance intimation, information and also follow the protocol of security so that they are all secured, ? The most important thing that has come out is that the bus was plying at a time when curfew was on. 7: 50 pm: Army chief general Bipin Rawat meets J& K governor NN Vohra in Srinagar. Madhav, the party? 7: 23 pm: In a two- page report sent to the Union home ministry, the Jammu and Kashmir government says the bus carrying the Amarnath pilgrims was attacked twice in quick succession by two teams of terrorists, who escaped after spraying bullets from automatic rifles. . terrorist cowards? s statement. cowardly attack?
t stop? he said. . s presence of mind saved many lives as he did not stop the vehicle even amid the hail of bullets. Don? Daksha, a pilgrim from Dahnu in Maharashtra, said the passengers spent the time chatting on the roadside while the tyre was being changed ? ? Indian agencies? Islam doesn? 5 lakh.
absolute tension? A Carbon Tracker study in 2015 found that fossil fuel companies risked wasting more than $ 2tn over the coming decade by pursuing coal, oil and gas projects that could be worthless in the face of international action on climate change and advances in renewables ? While companies have a huge role to play in driving climate change, says Faria, the barrier is the ? A research paper published last year by Paul Stevens, an academic at think tank Chatham House, said international oil companies were no longer fit for purpose and warned these multinationals that they faced a ? says Faria. s ? ? nasty, brutish and short?
50 pm on Monday, according to official sources. A man tried to open the emergency door of an Air Asia flight from Delhi to Ranchi on Monday night, minutes before landing, endangering the lives of passengers. ALSO READ: Malaysia- bound AirAsia flight malfunctions mid- air, pilot asks passengers to ' say a prayer' After IndiGo, 6 more airlines impose flying ban on TDP MP Diwakar Reddy
In a dramatic twist since last night the Committee of Administrators ( CoA) has asked the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI) management to close out the selection process for Team India' s head coach today. CoA chief Vinod Rai is in Singapore at the moment and has spoken to the BCCI acting secretary Amitabh Chaudhary and CEO Rahul Johri regarding this matter. ALSO WATCHGanguly said the CAC was in no rush to appoint the next coach and it was important for everyone to be in sync with what Indian cricket needed.
Air India that masquerades the decision as a cost- cutting exercise, however, does not answer why only the economy class flyers are being denied non- vegetarian meals while the business class passengers on the same flight have the option open. In economy. Right to eatRight to choice@ airvistara ð? ? ð? » pic.
Asked if the recent eposide would prompt Airtel to strengthen its data security and systems, its MD and CEO ( India and South Asia) Gopal Vittal said that data breach was a " real threat" globally, not only for telecom companies but for banks and credit card firms too. " We do our bit. the thing that we value most is customer privacy, we really take that very seriously, " Vittal said. .
pic. Meeting will start at 11 am. The Jammu bandh call was supported by the opposition National Conference, which called the attack part of a nefarious design to vitiate the secular fabric of Jammu and Kashmir. According to the sources, Governor Vohra has called all heads of security agencies including Army corps commander and DG  Police Dr SP Vaid in the meeting to review the security cover to Amarnath yatra after the Monday night attack. Intelligence sources have said three to five Lashkar- e- Taiba terrorists were involved in the attack on Amarnath Yatra that killed seven pilgrims and injured 14 others, including policemen, when they struck at a bus carrying them on Monday night in Jammu and Kashmir' s Anantnag district. Yatra is going on and we will ensure that it goes on peacefully. "
The " long- standing" economic and cultural ties that India and China share will not be hit. " What unfortunate things you have reading in media or seeing on TV ( about the border issue) , it is going to be pass very soon. Most of it is rhetoric. Both India and China enjoy long cooperation as our lands are connected, " news agency IANS quoted Li Rongrong, Second Secretary in the Economic and Commercial Counsellor' s Office of the Chinese Embassy in India, as saying Monday. " The Chinese Army too has been blunt, asking India to immediately withdraw its troops and making passing references to the 1962 Indo- Sino war where India suffered a humiliating defeat.
I appeal Nitish Kumar to expel Tejashwi Yadav. After that if they need it we are ready to support them, " said. However, he said, it is the central leadership that will take the final decision. " The BJP leader said Nitish Kumar will have to leave the Congress as Sonia Gandhi has already said that she is with Lalu Yadav in the corruption case. " Nitish, who was in an alliance with the BJP for 17 years, has been giving political signals of getting closer to the BJP.
After discount it was priced at Rs 371. In fact, the Consumer Affairs Department has led several campaigns telling consumers to bargain on the MRP as it covers good margin of profit that may range from 10- 35 per cent. But, an " estimated GST" of Rs 30. The government has made it clear that the MRP is the maximum price of a product to be sold in retail and charging anything above this is an offence. About 20 per cent of over 8, 800 participants of the survey said that they got discount on MRP but were charged GST over and above that price. GST: A tax reform so huge that confusion was inevitableHave no fear, GST Rates Finder is here: Arun Jaitley launches mobile app that finds GST for you
Virat will need to understand how coaches operate. Former India captain and CAC member Sourav Ganguly today sent out a terse message to Virat Kohli, saying the Indian captain will need to understand how coaches operate in the wake of his infamous fallout with Anil Kumble. The process is done. All presentations were outstanding. Ganguly made it clear that they are looking at the bigger picture for the next two years and will take a decision in the best interest of Indian cricket. "
Earlier, these squads were not trained. . After stern action was taken against cow vigilantes who indulged in violence in the name of cow protection, such incidents are no longer taking place in UP now, " the DGP said. Supporting the need for such a squad, Singh said it was necessary to prevent teasing, molestation or harassment of women at public place and instill a sense of security among people. They will see a group of boys and they will go and threaten them. Now people can say that similar action is being taken in similar cases and there is no distinction on the basis of his or her political affiliation or status. They could not. "
Thus, Malabar 2017 will prove to be a concrete step towards increasing India' s presence in the Indian Ocean and Bay of Bengal. Watch the videos below: # Malabar2017 Flying operations from INS Vikramaditya @ SpokespersonMoD@ PIB_ India@ airnewsalerts@ DDNewsLive@ PMOIndiapic. twitter. com/ 8LhNL0R5z5Also read :
Shocking details continue to emerge in the Malayalam actress abduction case. Actor Dileep has now been arrested in connection with the case. Dileep' s name got linked to the case after prime accused Pulsar Suni said in a statement to the police that he wrote a letter to the actor.
Now, according to a report in Mumbai Mirror, Arjun Kapoor is replacing Akshay Kumar in the sequel. But he wanted to make sure that Akshay had no problems about the franchise moving forward without him, before signing on the dotted line. A source told the publication that Arjun is a fan of the original film, and loved the script of its sequel. " Talking about the similarities with Namastey London, the source added, " The second film too has been scripted in a manner to appeal to expats and has a Punjabi and Brit flavour. "
Various ambassadors and envoys keep meeting Congress president and vice- president time to time on courtesy basis. The envoys met Rahul Gandhiji. . Yet, PM attended the BRICS meeting, " he further said. While Chinese incursions were happening, this meeting took place and the Weak PM did not deem it necessary to speak about the issue, " she wrote on Twitter and posted a picture of Modi with Xi Jinping at the summit. "
Three police stations were pressed into service to locate her. After her return from Pakistan in October 2015 on personal intervention of Swaraj, Geeta was lodged in an Indore institute. Geeta informed Swaraj that she wanted to learn painting. Besides, Swaraj is understood to have asked the authorities of the institute to send a daily report of Geeta' s activities to Bhopal.
The CAC interviewed five candidates at the BCCI headquarters - Virender Sehwag, Lalchand Rajput, Tom Moody, Richard Pybus and Ravi Shastri - while Phil Simmons was not available for the meeting. The former India captain also lauded Kohli for staying completely out of this process. " WATCH FULL VIDEOGanguly said all stakeholders needed to be on the same page and that was why it was important for the CAC to speak with the captain before announcing who the next coach will be. He has no inputs, he has not sent any names but we feel as an advisory committee that he is the captain which is the most important thing in Indian cricket. "
Ever since Ranbir and Katrina began the promotion of the film, Jagga Jasoos is touted to be a fantasy film meant for the children. A source close to director Anurag Basu was quoted as telling the daily, " We wonder what the censor board saw in Jagga Jasoos that made it suitable for children only accompanied by an adult. " The film revolves around the story of a boy in search of his father. Directed by Anurag Basu, Jagga Jasoos also stars Saurabh Shukla and Sayani Gupta.
Taking suo- moto cognisance of the incident, Jammu and Kashmir Human Rights Commission has asked the state government to pay a compensation of Rs 10 lakh to a local youth who was tied to the bonnet of an army jeep on April 9 as a human shield to avoid attack from stone- pelters. It also directed the state government to file a compliance report in the matter within six weeks. According to him, stones and boulders were thrown upon his team near a polling booth and they were unable to safely evacuate ITBP personnel and polling staff inside Utligam polling station where petrol bombs were also being hurled. The accused has denied being a stone- pelter.
He said all 14 PoK residents would have to stay back with their relatives till peace returned on borders. Following escalation in tension along the Line of Control ( LoC) as Pakistan continues to violate ceasefire, the Indian authorities have stopped the bus service between Chakka Da Bagh in Poonch and Rawalakote in PoK. ALSO READ | Army jawan, wife killed as Pakistan continue to fire shells in Poonch sector of Jammu and Kashmir Every Monday exchange of citizens takes place on the basis of permit system.
The Jammu and Kashmir Police on Monday arrested a man belonging to Uttar Pradesh' s Muzaffarnagar for working as a Lashkar terrorist. Kumar was behind the killing of SHO Feroz Dar and five other policemen in Anantnag on June 16 and found involved in snatching of weapons from a police camp in Anantnag from a retired judge' s home on June 13. He was a criminal who later got in touch with Lashkar. " On being grilled further, it was learnt that Sandeep, along with other individuals, was involved in hatching criminal conspiracies leading to providing shelter to terrorists and ferrying them from one place to another for terror strikes and actively participating in terrorist activities. Lashkar terrorists were helped by Sandeep to loot ATMs and indulge in immoral activities in the villages.
At least 19 people were killed in separate incidents of lightning strike in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, while the flood situation in Assam deteriorated today as a fresh death took the toll to 26. With several parts of Uttar Pradesh receiving heavy rains, water levels in major rivers have started rising with Ghaghra and Sharda flowing above the danger mark at some places. Patna recorded the highest rainfall of 48 mm, followed by 3 mm in Bhagalpur and 0. 6 degrees Celsius, two degrees Celsius above normal. 6 mm in Gaya. 4 mm, Palliakalan 23.
. He added, " He is the leader of the legislature party and there is no instability in the government. " manner in which freedom fighters gave a call of Quit Indian to Britishers, similarly we are also giving a call to PM Modi to quit India" , said Arun Yadav. CBI AFTER LALU CLAN Last week, CBI raided properties and firms belonging to RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav and his family at 12 location across Patna, Delhi and Gurgaon among other places in connection to a case linked to a hotel maintenance contract awarded to the RJD chief in 2006. Also read: Nitish Kumar cancels today' s Lok Samvad.
With today' s five gold, one silver and three bronze, India ended the four- day championships on top with their highest ever medal haul of 29 medals ( 12 gold, 5 silver and 12 bronze) . After that Lakhsmanan Govinda took the centrestage as he grabbed his second gold of the championship by winning the men' s 10, 000m event in 29 minute and 55. It was heptathlete Swapna Barman who gave India the first gold of the day ( as Archana was qualified) as she collected a total of 5942 points from the seven events. 87 seconds. 89.
He was brought to hospital, but had no pulse and was declared brought dead. The series of incidents not just raise questions on the safety feature of the expressway but also on the role of Noida police which is well- equipped to monitor such stretches. But Mohsin blames the Lamborghini driver for the accident. " A viral video shot by an anonymous user has gone viral on social media, which captures around half a dozen jockeys racing on the highway alongside speeding cars. Noida police confirmed the video was shot at the expressway but are unaware when the incident took place. " I have no role in the accident as my car did not even touch any car involved in the mishap.
In my opinion, sir was a Guru and there is a lot of difference between a Guru and a coach, " said Amre, who played 11 Tests for the country. Former India stumper and batsman Chandrakant Pandit recalled how " visionary" Achrekar sir made him change his school to pursue a career in cricket. Pravin ( Amre) used to keep wickets. Balwinder Singh Sandhu recalled that he was initially an off spinner, but it was Achrekar who spotted his talent to bowl good " in- swing" . "
New Delhi, Jul 8 ( PTI) The Delhi governments City Taxi Scheme, 2017 may ban shared rides provided by cab aggregators in the national capital. The scheme is being scrutinised by senior officials and its finalisation is in the last stages after which it will be notified, said a source in the AAP government. "
On June 28, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs gave its in- principle approval for the disinvestment of Air India, which has been in the red for long. After the discussion, it was decided to seek an explanation on the reasons behind the disinvestment decision from the civil aviation ministry. The aviation secretary is believed to have been asked to appear before the panel on July 12, sources said.
Rumours of Richa and Angad dating have been doing the rounds for a while now. Angad simply nodded his head affirmatively. Richa and Angad' s spokesperson told the tabloid, " They had not met until they started to work together and have been spending time together since. It is not as though I do not have any interest in sports. Richa said, " I watch other sports events like Olympics if India is part of it.
Currently, there is a provision for lower berth quota in sleeper class only. New Delhi, Jul 9 ( PTI) Now, differently- abled passengers will not face any problem in getting a lower berth in Third AC coaches as the Indian Railways has fixed quota for Divyangs in 3AC of mail and express trains to make the journey hassle- free. Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu had ordered an inquiry into the incident and instructed corrective measures so that this does not happen again.
The blue- designed border on the sari worn by nuns of the Missionaries of Charity was recognised as Intellectual Property for the organisation on September four, 2016, the day the Mother was canonised, " Sarkar told PTI here. " The blue border pattern is a distinctive symbolic identity of the Missionaries of Charity under the concept of colour trade mark protection, " he said. Applications were filed before the Trade Marks Registry on December 12, 2013 and after " a stringent test of legal proceedings" for nearly three years, the registrations were granted. She later came to Kolkata and was assigned as a teacher at Saint Marys High School for Girls before she was given consent by her convent in 1948 to work for the poor.
2. Anyway, that? 44pm BST 13: 44  Lap 36: How they stand recap: 1 Bottas 2 Raikkonen 3 Vettel 4 Ricciardo 5 Hamilton 6 Grosjean 7 Ocon 8 Massa, 9 Perez 10 Sainz  1. Updated at 2. t be easy. 39pm BST 13: 39  Lap 31: Bottas is eight seconds ahead now from Vettel, as Hamilton decides to come in first, taking 2. s creeping up in the title race, but Vettel remains firmly out in front, having stretched his advantage over Hamilton, who did well in the end to come so close to a podium finish after starting from eighth. 33pm BST   2. t quite manage to emerge ahead of Ocon but has to make do with ninth place now. 45secs from Vettel. And he doesn? ? it looks as if he? 1. sounded unhealthy.
Geeta had left the authorities worried, when she went missing from the hostel on Thursday. Geeta will find her own groom, and Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will solemnise the marriage, being the ' Mama' ( maternal uncle) of the girl" , said Sushma Swaraj. However, Swaraj, after meeting her, clarified that she had gone to the temple to offer prayers and not because she was unhappy. She was later found near Annapurna temple.
He tweeted, " Balaji and KriArj join hands for Abhishek Kapoor' s next # Kedarnath. . After much speculations, Saif Ali Khan and Amrita Singh' s daughter Sara Ali Khan will be making her Bollywood debut with actor Sushant Singh Rajput in Kedarnath. June 2018 release. Kedarnath is expected to go on the floors later this year.
The works of art all bear the signature A Hitler, and are dated in the early 1900s, according to the Mullocks auction house in the UK. The signed works included one depicting a rural lakeside scene; a water- colour painting depicting a church within castle; an oil painting showing a lake side house with mountainous background, and another water- colour painting of a town and river scene. The paintings had been expected to fetch between 5, 000 and 7, 000 pounds each.
: @ dhanushkraja# VIP2PressMeetpic. At the press meet of VIP 2, Dhanush, who has written the script and dialogues of the film, confirmed that the franchise would continue and that Kajol would be part of VIP 3. . twitter. She ( Kajol) is returning to Tamil cinema after a gap of 20 years with VIP and we are very proud of it. Dhanush had good things to say about co- star Kajol. "
Security have been beefed up in the mall and nearby areas. " Banned terror outfits in India are planning to attack foreign nationals hanging out in restaurants and cafes in the Capital, top police sources have warned. The Hauz Khas Village welcomes a large number of foreigners every day who visit for fine dining and arts/ craft experience, " said Ishwar Singh, DCP ( South) . Not only this, but special teams have been formed to monitor movements of people visiting Hauz Khas Village as there is a possibility that terror suspects might do a recce.
The power failure on Monorail track in the city led to emergency evacuation of coaches at Chembur station in the evening. The pictures of the trains led to speculation that the two rakes came face- to- face and a head- on collision was averted but MMRDA authorities denied reports that two monorail trains nearly crashed. 93- km- long route between Chembur and Wadala. Also Read: Uttar Pradesh: Satyagarh Express hits goods train near Sitapur, 5 people injured
In a tweet after the meeting, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Gopal Baglay said the Prime Minister asked for UKs " cooperation for return of escaped Indian economic offenders" . . Asked whether all on the list were discussed and no specific names were mentioned, he said, " I wont like to go into that and what we have said in the tweet is what our position is" . On whether cooperation from the UK was sought with just Mallya in mind, he said, " The tweet mentions economic offenders who have escaped from India and that is the answer" . Baglay refused to comment directly on any question related to Mallya.
Similarly, a ' Walktalator' has been proposed between Agra Fort and Taj Mahal. In the interest of increasing tourist footfalls in the Braj region UP' s Yogi government will soon be taking a few new steps in this direction, which will enable tourists to stay at least 2- 3 days in the region. A senior administrative officer told India Today that a ' Krishna Land' theme park on the lines of ' Disney Land' has been proposed in Mathura and a detailed proposal will soon be submitted to the government. These ghats form a part of the ' Chaurasi Kos Parikrama' of the Braj.
left behind? She said: ? Macron told journalists. . s report ? We reiterate the importance of fulfilling the UNFCCC commitment by developed countries in providing means of implementation including financial resources to assist developing countries with respect to both mitigation and adaptation actions in line with Paris outcomes and note the OECD? She said she is dismayed that the US have not changed their mind on withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement, but Trump would still be visiting the UK although a date had not been set. Here is the controversial section of the G20 communique: We take note of the decision of the United States of America to withdraw from the Paris Agreement. 47pm BST   3. 3. Here? Abe said: As I look at the current situation, particularly the security environment in the Asia Pacific region, including North Korea, we believe that it has become increasingly severe and against such backdrop together with you Donald we would like to demonstrate the robust partnership as well as the bond between Japan and the United States on this occasion. 28pm BST 14: 28  Putin has told leaders at the G20 summit that Russia has never interfered in the U. S. election, Russian G20 sherpa Svetlana Lukash reportedly said on Twitter, although the tweet seems to have since been deleted. Updated at 3. ?
According to a Navbharat Times report, police will soon decide on which pubs and bars will be allowed to host such parties. Free drinks for the ladies at clubs in Delhi' s Hauz Khas Village might see an end, as Delhi Police is considering to ban ladies' nights. As Delhi plans to impose this ban, women are of the view that the government imposes witless bans when they should be taking actions against those who ridicule the law and order. Read Here | | Terrifying Twitter thread: How men prowl through Hauz Khas Village to abduct and rape women | |
Things have not been going well for comedy king Kapil Sharma. The host of The Kapil Sharma Show recently fainted on the sets of the show due to fatigue, and had to be taken to a hospital, according to a report in The Times of India.
However, when the Himmatwala actor turned down the offer, reports were doing the rounds that the actor demanded a higher remuneration for the film and hence, the makers offered the role to Ramya. That' s a mistake. And I wish Mom a big success as the trailer looks very intriguing and promising, " he added. ALSO READ: Mom Movie Review
6 lakh, by hackers. Mattoo Jay Kumar, general manager of Mohan Clothing Pvt Ltd, a garments company located in Udyog Vihar, phase- I here, approached the police yesterday. He told the Cyber Cell of the police that his company has computersied warehouse at IMT Maneser which stopped working around 2 am on June 16.
@ NarendraModi - howâ? He proved that with one line after winning the elections in 2015, when he was asked about his cabinet having equal number of men and women. " Celebrating this victory and their partnership, Dabrowski tweeted a picture of their game, and thanked Bopanna " for an unforgettable tournament" . ? Because it is 2015! " ð?
New Delhi, Jul 7 ( PTI) Action will be taken against those who have uploaded videos and pictures of the protected Jarawa and other tribal communities of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on social media, the government today said. The NCST, in a statement, said it will seek " removal of these objectionable video films from YouTube and initiate action on those who uploaded these video clips on social media platforms" . The regulation, it said, contains the provisions of protection of these communities from outside interference.
China is acting like a goonda. In the wake of escalating tension along the India- China border, Delhi BJP president Manoj Tiwari on Friday appealed to Delhi' s traders to refuse selling Chinese products as that will be a big blow to the Chinese economy. CHINA FRUSTRATED: TIWARIReferring to China in the context of GST, Tiwari said it was troubled by the economic reform in India and the tension on border was an outcome of China' s frustration. " This will affect China' s economy the most, " Tiwari said. He said the grievances will be addressed soon.
collective punishment? . Police from a region in the majority- Christian Philippines are considering issuing mandatory identification cards to thousands of Muslims living there ? single out Muslims? ?
What makes this Facebook post by BJP' s Haryana leader Vijeta Malik incredulous is that she blatantly used an image from a Bhojpuri film starring its much revered leader Manoj Tiwari. Even as West Bengal continues to simmer in the riots in the aftermath of an objectionable Facebook post that went viral, a Haryana state executive of BJP is under fire for sharing a post condemning the fate of Hindus in Mamata Banerjee' s state. The post that went viral on Twitter soon triggered a barrage of scathing criticism from twitterati. In her Facebook post, Malik said that the state of Hindus in West Bengal was unfortunate and she asked that why were they being constantly targeted.
India will tour Sri Lanka for a full series beginning with a test match at Galle from July 26, Sri Lanka Cricket ( SLC) announced on Friday. Colombo will host the second Test from Aug. 3, while Kandy is the venue for the third match nine days later, the SLC said. Series guide July 26- 30: 1st Test, GalleAug 3- 7 : 2nd Test, ColomboAug 12- 16 : 3rd Test, KandyAug 20 : 1st ODI, DambullaAug 24 : 2nd ODI, KandyAug 27 : 3rd ODI, Kandy
3 lakh only as remuneration in FY 2016- 17 as sitting fee for the meetings of the company attended by him. 80 lakh. 90, it added. 42.
Sources said that close relatives of Burhan Wani approached the top cop, asking for intervention. Though before his death there were several campaigns against him, labelling him as an Indian agent till the time he was killed by SOG and 19 RR in a fierce encounter in Kokernag in South Kashmir. These were circulated on Facebook and WhatsApp in an attempt to recruit young Kashmiri men. Also Read: Zakir Musa hails Burhan Wani in new video, says slain Hizb commander wanted ' caliphate' in Valley
The cows died over a the last few days, prompted senior officials, including Haryana Gau Sewa Commission chairman Bhani Das Mangla and a few district administration officials to visit the cow shelter in Mathana village where the deaths took place. A few other cows starved to death due to the non- availability of fodder and even more have fallen sick. till the repair works here are completed, " he said. . ( With inputs from PTI)
Be it the interesting trailer or ex- flames Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif' s off- screen banter, Jagga Jasoos is making a lot of noise ahead of its release. The boy with the quiff will immediately remind you of the detective- cum- reporter, Tintin who we all have grown up reading and loving. I am aware that the hairdo is the most obvious point of discussion, " Basu said, adding, " I wanted to give Ranbir a unique hairdo. This look was not my first choice.
New Delhi, Jul 7 ( PTI) US fast food chain McDonalds 43 outlets in the national capital operated without valid health licences for nearly three months from April 1, its estranged India partner Vikram Bakshi has alleged. The closed outlets are unlikely to open any time soon as Bakshi has refused to sign the licensing documents. He has been at loggerheads with McDonalds since 2013 when he was removed as the managing director of CPRL and is contesting it at legal forums, including the London Court of Arbitration. The current situation is the result of our former JV partners refusal to co- sign the licence renewal applications with an MIPL- nominated director, which were the protocols previously approved by the CPRL board, " he said. Bakshi said: " In early March before the licences were to go for renewal, I have clearly stated that because of issues of food safety and because of us not actually providing quality and safe food to customers, I no longer intend to sign ( to apply for renewal of) the licences. "
He started visiting her in the brothel in the guise of a customer, hoodwinking the kotha owner each time, and later they decided to get married and begin life afresh. She has gone to the extent of saying that a few senior politicians run GB Road, just a few kilometers from the Indian Parliament. Swati Maliwal said, " There is huge nexus of traffickers operating in GB road who take advantage of girls in distress and push them into the hell of GB Road. However, her attempts did not meet much success. Girls from areas such as Nepal, Sikkim, West Bengal, Odisha, Assam, Jharkhand and Sikkim are seen here most often.
It was a good day for India at Wimbledon as tennis ace Sania Mirza, Rohan Bopanna and Purav Raja defeated their opponents in their respective categories to advance to the second round here. Tennis star Sania Mirza and her women' s doubles partner Kirsten Flipkens of Belgium defeated Naomi Osaka and Shuai Zhang in straight sets to advance on Wednesday.
Chandigarh, Jul 6 ( PTI) The Centre has approved renaming of Ganda and Kinnar villages in Fatehabad and Hisar districts of Haryana. Union Ministry of Home Affairs has approved the renaming of two villages in Haryana, an official spokesman said here this evening. Notably, a teenaged girl from Ganda ( which means dirty in English) , Harpreet Kaur Malkat, had written a letter to the Prime Minister seeking change of name of her village.
Sri Lanka' s Tillakaratne Dilshan and West Indies' Chris Gayle are joint third with 11 tons each while Pakistan' s Saeed Anwar and Lanka' s Sanath Jayasuriya have 10 centuries each while chasing. Only Sachin Tendulkar ( 49) and Ricky Ponting ( 30) have more centuries than him the 50- over format. Virat Kohli surpassed Sachin Tendulkar' s record for most hundreds in chases during the fifth and final One- Day International against West Indies in Jamaica. Kohli, who had a quiet series to his standards before this match, came out with intent and was positive right from the word go.
REPORT FRAUD WITHIN 7 DAYS OR ELSE. . Any loss occurring after reporting of the unauthorised transaction will be borne by the bank, RBI said while issuing revised directions on Customer Protection Limiting Liability of Customers in Unauthorised Electronic Banking Transactions. The maximum liability of a customer will be Rs 25, 000 in cases where the responsibility for the unauthorised electronic banking transaction lies neither with the bank nor with the customer, but lies elsewhere in the system and when there is a delay of four to seven working days. The maximum liability of a savings bank account customer will be Rs 10, 000 in such cases.
New Delhi, Jul 4 ( PTI) The Congress today attacked the AAP government for " delaying" the fourth phase of the Delhi Metro project by not paying its due share. It is deliberately delaying the project by not giving its due share of taxes, " Mukherjee said in a press conference.
RK 420 in a US Casino gambling to improve his health! ! Wow! ED must find out from where his $ $ came from. " On Wednesday, Subramanian Swamy shared a picture of Rajinikanth supposedly playing poker and lashed out at him for " gambling" to improve his health.
Like it or not, but, the IT job market in India is seemingly crashing. Nearly 2 lakh jobs are said to be at stake. In fact, it is been on the verge of a catastrophic breakdown for quite some time now, with big- ticket companies looking to both hand over pink slips to incumbent employees as well as hire less talent. Only, this was not the case at Tech Mahindra.
It' s imperfect, a mockery of GST, " Chidambaram said, adding that his party, the Congress, will press for the reduction in rates and an 18 per cent cap. " There must be a trial run for two months to allow the industry and companies to clear their stocks and then a proper rollout should have happened from September, " he said. It is not the true GST. For Jammu and Kashmir, it is possible to implement GST without diluting Article 370.
He said, " Demonetisation has promoted digital economy. Any country which wishes to be a regional leader in Asia and a world leader cannot afford to have large shadow economy, " Meghwal said. 7 per cent. 2017 - YEAR OF ECONOMIC REFORMS
We are withdrawing our strike. The news comes has brought cheers for everyone as new films are traditionally released on Friday, considered auspicious in the film fraternity. The superstar had requested the state government to waive off the tax keeping in mind the livelihoods of many in the industry. They already have a tax of between 18 per cent to 28 per cent. Hence I request the Tamil Nadu government to waive off the municipal tax. " Soon there will be a solution.
I am deeply honoured to stand here today to salute the valiant Indian soldiers, who led down their lives for the liberation of Haifa during the WW I, " Modi wrote in the guest book. " The Battle of Haifa was fought on 23 September 1918 and every year on this date the Indian Army celebrates Haifa Day to pay respect to the martyred Indian soldiers. Next year, the centenary of the battle of Haifa will present another opportunity to mark this enduring bond between India and Israel, " PM Modi, who visited Haifa along with his Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu, wrote. twitter.
A 21- year- old woman was stabbed multiple times by a man on a busy street in Mansarovar Park area of East Delhi. The woman was admitted to GTB Hospital where she succumbed to her injuries today. HERE' S WHAT HAPPENED: ALSO READ:
India and Pakistan have not played bilateral cricket since 2012 when the latter travelled across the border for a short limited- overs tour. Pakpassion. com reported that Shaharyar, the outgoing PCB chief, felt India continue to refuse to play bilateral cricket with Pakistan because " they are scared of our team. " They do not play us, they are scared of our team.
Sachin Tendulkar, in his time as the greatest batsman in the world, tormented the English attack with alarming regularity. Bowling at England' s nets session, Arjun, a left- arm seamer caught Jonny Bairstow on the foot with a searing yorker.
n learn? pervasive harassment? s comments. predator zone? On 23 May, Tesla announced the hiring of Gaby Toledano as the new chief people officer to oversee HR amid growing concerns about unsafe working conditions at the factory. We have had a few cases at Tesla where someone in a less represented group was actually given a job or promoted over more qualified highly represented candidates and then decided to sue Tesla for millions of dollars because they felt they weren? miscarriage of justice? s Day was ? It is impossible to trust anyone after they have behaved in such a manner. But according to Vandermeyden and another Tesla employee, this is not uncommon; she said she knew of at least two male engineers in her department without a degree. . ? It? t always super? dissent isn?
Air India faces a Rs 52, 000 crore debt, and has assets valued at Rs 6, 000 crore in addition to its fleet of airplanes worth Rs 20, 000 crore. The airline' s management has ordered a probe, sources said. The discovery, a serious setback to the Narendra Modi administration' s in- principle yes to disinvesting the carrier, was made after a government ministry began assessment work in view of the privatisation of Air India. When contacted by India Today, Air India CMD Ashwini Lohani said he did not want to comment. An unknown number of paintings from a Rs 200 crore collection featuring renowned artists like MF Husain and Jatin Das, have gone missing from the Air India headquarters in Mumbai.
We are not sure whether it will be scrapped totally or reconsidered later, " NDMC Vice Chairman Karan Singh Tanwar told PTI. The proposal has not been taken up in any council meeting since then. Senior RSS functionary Indresh Kumar had said in 2015 that the government should acknowledge the role played by the three regiments of the Indian Army in the Battle of Haifa in 1918. According to the Ministry of Culture, a " wrong impression" has been built about the Teen Murti Chowk that it has something to do with Mahatma Gandhi. " ALSO READ: Innovation, technology can boost India- Israel ties, says PM Modi
Why? In an interaction with media today, actor, Member of Parliament and President of AMMA Innocent Vareed Thekkethala made unwarranted remarks about the Malayalam cinema industry. Those who understand Malayalam, watch the video here: Video courtesy: Manorama News  " IF THEY ARE BAD, THEY MAY SHARE THE BED" AMMA President and Left- backed independent MP Innocent, while speaking to the media today, denied all speculations that he is stepping down as the president of the association. Our colleagues Parvati and Lakshmi Rai have openly shared their experiences, " said the post. Also Read:
The marriage is not legal after Supreme Court decriminalised section 377 in 2013. The parents of one of the girls had filed a missing complaint only to later find out that their daughter was not only in a lesbian relationship , she had also married another woman at a temple in the city. At a time when the Indian society has just begun to come to terms with  homosexuality, case of an alleged lesbian wedding in Bengaluru has become a point of discussion . But to legally take action or even arrest, one of them needs to file a complaint or else it will not stand strong in the court. Also Read:
Mumbai, Jul 5 ( PTI) Ratna Pathak Shah, who has played mother to Fawad Khan in " Khoobsurat" and " Kapoor & Sons" , says she would like to see more participation across nations in arts and working with Pakistani ators is not an " insurmountable problem" . However, the clamour against Pakistani artists just before the release of his film " Ae Dil Hai Mushkil" prompted him to leave the country, ending his Bollywood career. I dont know what that says about the people who went after Fawad and saw to it that hell never get to work again.
The move aims to help commerce students comprehend the newly introduced tax reform. The university is the first in line to include the tax in the curriculum as Rajesh Jha, professor at Rajdhani College and an academic council member, pointed out that the executive is most likely to sanction the inclusion. The curriculum is also expected to include levy and collection of GST, which will cover taxable events like supply of goods and services, places of supply like within state, interstate, import and export, time of supply, valuation rules, taxability of reimbursement of expenses, and exemption from GST. " Students will be taught shortcomings of pre- GST indirect taxes. Also Read: Foreign languages remain hot favourite among DU aspirants
PM Modi' s connection with Israel It' s a date. In the last two days, Israel' s President Reuven Rivlin and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met PM Modi several times. Modi, who is the first Indian PM to visit Israel in 69 years, has been praised by Benjamin Netanyahu. He further said that I for India and I for Israel means that India for Israel and Israel for India. In 2015, President Pranab Mukerjee became the first Indian president to visit Israel.
According to latest data compiled by the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB) , accidents due to drunk driving have the highest fatality rate among all accidents. Out of the target of realising Rs 19, 000 crore, the excise department could generate Rs 14, 000 crore following the apex court order order, " the minister told PTI. The Supreme Court again on March 31 reiterated its December 15, 2016 order to shut down, by April 1, establishments selling and serving liquor within 500 metres of national and state highways, but relaxed the distance to 220 m for cities, towns and municipal areas with a population of 20, 000 or less. Highlighting his departments initiatives for going cashless, Singh said, " We are introducing a cashless system in liquor shops and asking them to install point- of- sale ( POS) machines. At the moment it is not in a very formal shape.
The transfer has added credence to messages purporting to be from the attackers offering to decrypt every single infected computer for a one- off payment of £ 200, 000, after security researchers suggested they may be state- sponsored actors. new activity? of malware. was detected there, and said it had acted to ? she said. s servers.
Bollywood' s very own Karan- Arjun are busy bromancing, and giving their fans some major friendship goals. While the two Khans have already begun shooting for the film, here is some scoop. If a report in BollywoodLife is to be believed, Shah Rukh has gifted a luxurious car to friend Salman as a thank you token for taking out time from his busy schedule to work in Aanand L Rai' s next.
Jis samay chunav hota hai, to apne colony mein politician logon ko badi dikkat hoti hai. . NOT THE FIRST TIME FOR VISHVASIn January 2014, Kumar Vishwas had to tender an apology after alleged derogatory remarks against Kerala nurses sparked a controversy. Jijaji please do vote. )
. However, the present structure of the GST they have created, it is certainly going to be an unsuccessful enterprise, " he told reporters here. " The former Madhya Pradesh chief minister also slammed the ruling BJP saying when it was in the opposition, the party had said that the GST will not be successful in the country, whereas it is now labelling the move as " revolutionary" . " In Maharashtra, the state government announced the farm loan waiver. 5 lakh, " he said.
Advani drew first blood by putting on a sterling performance against Mohammad Bilal. India' s fate was going to be determined by Advani' s partner Rawat' s form and he did not disappoint. To complete a whitewash the Indian pair needed to maintain their superlative performance in the doubles tie. But a critical miss on the pink before starting with the colours, brought Masih back to the table, gifting him a regulation clearance of yellow to black.
Ravindra Bawanthade, 48, is a supervisor at a school at Nagbhid in Chandrapur district. The incident took place on June 27. Maharashtra BJP leader Ravindra Bawanthade, who was accused by a woman of raping her after a video showing them kissing on a bus went viral, has been arrested. Police said Ravindra had claimed that he was trying to attend the woman as she was not feeling well.
Yes, you heard it right. He weighed 7. But, it is not only Karan who is reaching heights, his mother Shweatlana is also India' s tallest woman and is 7 feet 2 inches in height. This 8- year- old was always different from the rest ever since he was born.
I really enjoy it. " From film sets to her hot photoshoots to her mood swings, Katrina is giving a sneak- peek into her life, and we are not complaining. But now that I have come on it, I really like it. I would have had that much time to grow my base of people who interact with me. If Aanand L Rai' s next has Shah Rukh, Thugs of Hindostan will see Aamir Khan and Tiger Zinda Hai will see Salman in the lead.
I' m going through one of the most extensive preparations for this film. Alia Bhatt, who plays a Kashmiri spy in the film based on Harinder Sikka' s novel Calling Sehmat, has been going through intense preparations for her role. " Raazi is about dialect, body language and things like driving a big heavy jeep. I read the first 20 pages of the story and I knew that if I want to do that one film a year that challenges me, this is that film. " .
It' s worth noting that the Narendra Modi government provided the maximum subsidies to states where there is a BJP government, or a government that is running with the support of the BJP. 15 crore SUBSIDY PROVIDED 2015- 16: Andhra Pradesh 6 croreGoa 1. 10 crorePunjab 0. 33 croreTelangana 2. 85 croreNagaland 8. 71 croreWest Bengal 1.
Soundarya Rajinikanth and Ashwin Ramkumar have finally ended their 7- year marriage today. The legal proceedings are all over and a family court in Chennai granted the couple a divorce on Tuesday. She wrote, " News about my marriage is true. I request all to respect my family' s privacy. On the work front, Soundarya is awaiting the release of Velai Illa Pattathari 2, a sequel to the blockbuster Tamil film of the same name.
And she did not do that by walking the ramp; at least not yet. So, after Sonam Kapoor, it was now the turn of desi girl Priyanka Chopra to ruffle some feathers at the ongoing Paris Fashion Week 2017. Priyanka' s fan- girl moment, however, came when she met legendary Italian actress Sophia Loren.
. At times, even at the cost of his own peace. This is just my wish . Now, Alphonse Putharen, who shot to fame after directing the blockbuster Malayalam film Premam, took to his Facebook page and said he wanted to see the Nayagan actor as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu for a day. " Now, Tamil Nadu has left Bihar leagues behind.
TIGER ROARING. . # SalmanKhan spotted on set of # SRK and Aanand L Rai' s next shooting for a song at # mehboobstudio ( July 4th 2017) ! tmblr. From Shah Rukh' s role of a dwarf to the hunt for leading ladies, Rai' s film has been in the news for quite some time. ?
There is no place for people to live. Asking the authorities to find out about the burial practices prevailing elsewhere in the world, a bench of Acting Chief Justice Gita Mittal and Justice C Hari Shankar said as the population was rising, the death rate was also growing, but the land remained the same. " Where will you bury people who die now? . The court had earlier observed that the right to life of residents cannot be put to risk by allowing encroachments, which could lead to insanitary conditions. New structures are not liable to be protected.
Divya is an LLM graduate and was looking to do her PhD here, "   Shafeeq told India Today. A hotel in Bengaluru turned away a Hindu- Muslim couple and refused to give them a room as the husband was a Muslim and his wife a Hindu. The receptionist went on to make his point saying that he has instructions not to give rooms to Hindu- Muslim couples as there may be problems. ALSO READ:
32, strike rate 145. 49) , including two centuries. Swashbuckling opener Chris Gayle has been included in the 13- man West Indies team which will play a T20 international match against India in Jamaica on Sunday, July 9. WI Team: Carlos Brathwaite ( Captain) Samuel BadreeRonsford BeatonChris GayleEvin LewisJason MohammedSunil NarineKieron PollardRovman PowellMarlon Samuels
It is up to your government policy ( whether to exercise military option) . " China and India have been engaged in a standoff in the Dokalam area near the Bhutan trijunction for past 19 days after a Chinese armys construction party came to build a road. In unusually blunt remarks, Chinas Ambassador to India Luo Zhaohui said " the ball is in Indias court" and it was for the Indian government to decide what options could be on the table to resolve the standoff. The situation is grave and made me deeply worried.
INDIA INSTIGATING BHUTAN? " India should look in the mirror, " it added. " Unfortunately, Modi seemingly is more prone to seeking India' s interests at the expense of China' s, " Yang added, saying " the latest provocation will not be the last from India over the border issue" . India' s illegal border intrusion is not allowed by international law; besides its suppression of Bhutan must be condemned by the international community. INDIA' S UNRULY ACTIONS? " We hope India can face up to the hazards of its unruly actions to the country' s fundamental interests and withdraw its troops without delay, " it said. "
New Delhi, Jul 3 ( PTI) Only 16 per cent of terrorists succeeded in crossing the Line of Control ( LoC) this year to enter Jammu and Kashmir till May 31. According to Jammu and Kashmir Police, around 90 militants were active in north Kashmir, comprising Bandipora, Baramulla and Kupwara districts. An Home Ministry official claimed today said 115 terrorists had made attempts to cross the LoC along the Jammu and Kashmir of which only 19 managed to sneak in.
All seemed well for Pawanjeet Singh Kohli. But all was not well. His family and friends were shocked to know that he had jumped off the Bandra- Worli Sea Link. Also read: Depression and taking one' s own life: Suicide attempt is a cry for help, says senior psychiatristNeither his family nor his friends were aware that he was battling depression.
It is an ongoing discussion, " said one of the sources. When contacted, Snapdeal, SoftBank and Flipkart declined to comment. Sources said Ernst & Young, which was roped in by Flipkart to conduct a due diligence on Snapdeal, submitted its report a few days ago, following which the offer was made. SoftBank has already written off over USD 1 billion on valuation of its investment in Snapdeal.
New Delhi, Jul 4 ( PTI) Clearing the air on unsold stocks of goods post GST implementation, the government today allowed use of stickers with revised rates, alongside the printed MRP for pre- packaged items, for three months to reflect changes in selling price. However, after September 30, the printed MRP on pre- packaged commodity will have to necessary include the GST rate and no add- on stickers would be allowed. " The difference between the retail sale price originally printed on the package and the revised price " shall not, in any case, be higher than the extent of increase in tax" or in the case of imposition of fresh tax on account of the implementation of the GST, it said
. The movie hit a roadblock with the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) soon after Ekta came onboard as a distributor but it only strengthened her desire to take the movie to the masses. " Why didnt I think of it? I saw the film and realised we really live in a world where as women we are not allowed to do or say anything. Hamare khaane ke daant aur, dikhane ke daant aur hain. What I say in front of my parents, I wont repeat the same with my friends.
The Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) today asked a TADA court in Mumbai that Abu Salem, a convict in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, be sentenced to life in prison. The defence' s arguments will be heard tomorrow. CBI counsel says not decided yet
A suspected ISIS operator was detained from Burma Bazaar locality in Chennai today morning. According to reports, the Rajasthan ATS zeroed in on Haroon on the basis of information gathered during interrogation of Mohammed Iqbal, a resident of Mylapore. The Rajasthan ATS is also scanning Haroon' s back accounts to check the money flow and his terror nexus.
Three days ago, a police inspector in Telangana' s Siddipet police station was caught on camera misbehaving with a disabled man who had accompanied his brother to the police station. Siddipet police commissioner has ordered an investigation and assured justice to the victim. Also Read
However, Kohli denied that as mere speculation. There was harmony in the dressing room, the coaches Mr Anil Kumble, Mr Bangar, Mr Sridhar & senior players like Mr MS Dhoni & Mr Yuvraj Singh were helpful to the younger players, " Malhotra said in his report. On the final day of the tournament after the prize distribution ceremony, as the players were walking up the steps, one of the spectators said something to Mr Shami, who was upset initially, but let go of the incident as it could have got the spectator into trouble, this could have been avoided had there been more distance between the spectators & the team members. Our security manager had taken up this issue with the security department of the ICC. 1. 3.
And because the precipitation particles arent being illuminated, the driver wont see the rain or snow either, " To people, rain can appear as elongated streaks that seem to fill the air. Washington, Jul 4 ( PTI) Scientists, including one of Indian origin, have developed a smart headlight system for the first time that can help drivers see through heavy rain or snowfall and safely navigate roads during stormy nights. The system uses a camera to track the motion of raindrops and snowflakes and then applies a computer algorithm to predict where those particles will be just a few milliseconds later. To high- speed cameras, however, rain consists of sparsely spaced, discrete drops.
The woman has now filed a rape case against the man who is a BJP leader. WHAT' S THE CASEALSO READ: Gurgaon kidnapping: Viral CCTV footage saves girl
Wading through the Indian Ocean now is a Yuan class - conventional diesel electric - submarine which is better that aging Indian Sub. WAR GAMESRecently, Indian satellites and naval assets have picked up at least 14 Chinese Navy warships in the Indian Ocean Region. More force multipliers are being added. The Yuan class submarine detected by the Indian Navy this year is first the submarine to be sent to the Indian Ocean Region in 2017. The Indian Navy' s long range surveillance platforms like the US made P81 has been watching and recording movements of the Chinese Navy in the Indian Ocean. " WORRYING SIGN?
In a bizarre statement, Andhra Pradesh Excise Minister KS Jawahar has termed beer to be a healthy drink. The shop was allegedly opened with the support of ruling Telugu Desam Party leader ignoring the protest and concerns of locals. Also state government has plans of setting up round the clock ' beer parlors' attracting foreigners to tourism spots in the state.
Minister of State for Home Pradeepsinh Jadeja informed this in a statement. " From now onwards, the state government will take strict action as per the new Act against those, who found to be running such hookah joints in the state, " the minister said. After giving his approval, the governor had sent the Bill to the president, who gave his assent recently.
Summer lovin. . ð? ? Priyanka has repeatedly denied getting any cosmetic procedures done, but that has not stopped Instagrammers from trolling her for the recent selfie she posted on the photoblogging site. I have looked different at different ages because I have worked on my look.
After about 18 months of treatment, Imran regained his vision. Doctors said the resident of Gyanipur village in Uttar Pradesh' s Sultanpur district had multiple sclerosis, a long- term disease that attacks the brain and central nervous system. But his troubles did not end. My parents decided to bring me back to the village, but I insisted on staying and joined the rehabilitation centre run by the Mumbai Paraplegic Foundation, " recalled Imran, now 27. Things then started taking a turn for the better and in the next couple of years Imran began performing various acrobatics and synchronised acts. "
To begin with, the helpline facility has proposed to initially cater to the differently- abled litigants as well as advocates to traverse the passage into and through the high court building. He added: " He shall simultaneously make the arrangements on the ground and let the litigant know the point where he will be received with a wheel chair. " The facility promises to never go answered. " ALSO READ|   Waste of time: Delhi High Court rejects plea challenging use of public money to pay Ram Jethmalani
On Saturday, in order to avoid any more trouble, BMRCL officials allegedly covered the Hindi letters at the metro stations' entrance displays. WHO DID THIS? ENGLISH OK, HINDI NOT OKPraveen Shetty, Karnataka Rakshana Vedike ( KRV) state president said that Kannada is the language of the state and not Hindi.
BCCI will soon appoint a professional manager for the Indian cricket team and will put out the advertisement for the same possibly within a week. The Committee of Administrators ( CoA) is not happy with the practice of existing BCCI officials touring and giving reports which have little meaning.
Back at Wimbledon and still playing his best, Rafael Nadal advanced to the second round at the All England Club.
It was a moment to celebrate, not only for Aamir Khan fans but also Indians, when Dangal became the first Indian film to cross the Rs 2000- crore mark worldwide. Just to set the record straight, we want to clarify that Dangal' s official worldwide gross collection figure as of Thursday is Rs 1864 crore. " Dangal revolves around wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat, played by Aamir Khan, and his journey to train his daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari to become world- class wrestling champions.
The stall is located on one of the platforms of the Vadnagar Railway station. The team of officials was led by Union Culture Mahesh Sharma, who later announced that the original charm of the tea stall will be preserved while giving it a modern touch. " As of now, the Ministry of Tourism has given Rs eight crore to the state Tourism Department to develop the railway station, " Kumar had said. We also want to develop that tea stall as a tourism spot.
The action taken by India is undoubtedly a betrayal of consistent position held by India, " said Geng, adding that " Prime Minister Nehru explicitly recognised the 1890 convention between Tibet and Sikkim" in a March 22, 1959 letter to then Chinese PM Zhou Enlai. The Bhutan side does not know previously that Indian troops entered Doklam which is not in line with what India claims, " said spokesperson Geng Shuang, contradicting India' s Friday statement that the Royal Bhutan Army had on June 16 protested the PLA' s construction activities in Doklam, with the Indian Army two days later supporting Bhutan and asking China to stop altering the status quo. In the very same March 22, 1959 letter, Nehru also reminded China of an 1842 treaty on Ladakh and the drawing of the McMahon line in Simla in 1914, which are not recognised by China. In 1847 the Chinese Government admitted that this boundary was sufficiently and distinctly fixed. China, however, does not recognise those two treaties.
CHINA' S CHARGE AGAINST INDIA" The Bhutan side does not know previously that Indian troops entered Doklam which is not in line with what India claims, " said spokesperson Geng Shuang, contradicting India' s Friday statement that the Royal Bhutan Army had on June 16 protested the PLA' s construction activities in Doklam, with the Indian Army two days later supporting Bhutan and asking China to stop altering the status quo. In the letter Geng cited, Nehru wrote that " The boundary of Sikkim, a protectorate of India, with the Tibet Region of China was defined in the Anglo- Chinese Convention 1890 and jointly demarcated on the ground in 1895. " The area now claimed by China has always been depicted as part of India on official maps, has been surveyed by Indian officials and even a Chinese map of shows it as Indian territory. " At the time of acceptance of the delineation of this frontier, Lonchen Shatra, the Tibetan Plenipotentiary, in letters exchanged, stated explicitly that he had received orders from Lhasa to agree to the boundary as marked on the map appended to the Convention. " China, however, does not recognise those two treaties.
The vehicles were coming from Tinsukia in Upper Assam when the members of the Hindu Yuva Chhatra Parishad' s unit stopped them  and asked the drivers to step out. However, the DGP also admitted that it was not possible for the police to prove adequate security to all cattle traders across the state and will be dealt with case to case basis. ' ( With inputs from Indrajit Kundu) ALSO READ: When PM Narendra Modi ripped into self- styled cow vigilantesInstead of admonishing cow vigilantes, it is time PM Modi acted against them A Muslim youth was last week killed on board a Mathura- bound train by people who taunted his family and repeatedly called them " anti- nationals" and " beef eaters" . " Let' s all work together. As a society, there is no place for violence, " Modi said.
The deceased has been identified as Kabi Sahu, daughter of Dina Sahu. This shocking incident of medical apathy reminded people of Dana Manjhi, carried his wife' s corpse after he was refused a mortuary van from a government hospital. Meanwhile, the district administration has ordered a probe into the matter. Also Read:
Passengers speaking exclusively to India Today said they discovered even before take off that the AC was not functioning. But nothing happened. ALSO READ:
The Indian Railways would announce the facility this week. He said the advance reservation period has been extended to 360 days for foreigners/ NRIs and they can book their tickets online using credit or debit cards without depending on travel agents. IRCTC, a railways PSU, would levy Rs 200 per ticket as service charge.
New Delhi, Jul 2 ( PTI) Punjab National Bank ( PNB) Maestro debit cards holders will face a card blockage if they fail to replace it with a more secure EMV chip based card by the end of this month. All Maestro cards issued by PNB will be blocked or hotlisted on July 31, 2017 for security based reasons, " the bank said in a communication to its customers. Presently, PNBs card base stands at around 5. 65 crore. "
The incident took place at MGM Hospital in Warangal district on Sunday. They immediately rushed to the hospital for treatment. As the parents were preparing for the baby' s funeral, they observed some movement in the baby' s body. It was at home when Rohit unfolded the sheet to take a last look at his ' lost' son, he felt signs of life in the frail body.
Manikarnika: The Queen Of Jhansi fell into Ankita' s lap when the film' s producer Kamal Jain, who she has known for a long time, approached her for the film. I am honoured that I will be telling her story to the world, fighting alongside Kangana' s Rani Laxmibai. " The film will reportedly clash with Tiger Shroff and Disha Patani- starrer Baaghi 2. According to reports, Manikarnika: The Queen Of Jhansi is scheduled to release on April 27, 2018.
CISF security services at the Indira Gandhi International ( IGI) airport has been adjudged as the best security service across the country by an independent body called the World Quality Congress ( WQC) , " the spokesperson said. The award focuses on the contribution of individuals, organisation and technologies used at airport, the spokesperson said, adding the WQC recognises and awards world class excellence achieved by an organisation. The WQC is an independent, not- for- profit organisation and it will hand over the decoration to the CISF later this week in Mumbai.
Having followed the men' s commands, Bharti and his family quickly escape from the location, taking another route to Rahimbad. They were sporting saffron scarves around their necks and were chanting ' Jai Shri Ram' slogans, Bharti recounts. " The drive, however, turned out to be one filled with horror and one that made Bharti fear for his and his family' s life after a large group of people he identified as Bajrang Dal activists accosted them and made Bharti chant ' Jai Shri Ram' . @ NitishKumar à ¤¸à ¤®à ¤¸à ¤¤à ¥? com/ lXrBH7FIYOAfter reaching Ramhimbad, Bharti postponed his departure for Delhi, saying in another Facebook post that a day after the incident, he was still fearful for his life. " Fearing for his and his family' s life, Bharti goes on to describe how he immediately did what he was asked to, and chanted ' Jai Shri Ram' so that he and his family could escape from the spot alive. ' à ¤ªà ¥? , à ¤? twitter.
Union minister Sripad Naik, local party chief Vinay Tendulkar and minister Mauvin Godinho were present in the public meeting. However, the public meeting was organised at the Goa International Airport. Chairs were arranged, speakers were put in place and the dais was ready before Amit Shah' s arrival, around 11 am. In a very strongly worded letter that India Today is in exclusive possession of, Rodrigues wrote, " It constitutes act of unlawful assembly as defined in section 141 ( IPC) by which not only mischief has been caused but also other people who were arriving at or departing from the airport, were restrained by the blockage due to the public meeting" .
1 overs. Defending a lowly target of 170 runs, the Indian eves were spectacular with the ball as they did not allow their arch- rival to claim a historic win and bowled out Pakistan for just 74 runs in 38. # INDvPAKCongratulations India ? ! ? https: / / t. co/ zBTBDjag8s
Controversial hoardings demanding independence and referendum have created a stir. Reacting to the controversy, Bhartiya Janata Party ( BJP) has slammed the state government for having failed to remove the hoardings and maintaining a stoic silence over the efforts being made by the Khalistani groups to revive terrorism. WHO IS BEHIND THESE CAMPAIGNS? While at one hand the Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh is vocal against the Khalistani elements including Sikhs for Justice, his government' s silence over the referendum hoardings is deplorable, " Secretary BJP, Vineet Joshi said.
Los Angeles, Jul 2 ( PTI) Rapper Kanye West, who is a key player in Jay- Zs music streaming service, Tidal, has left the company over money dispute. Were told Kanye has complained the company owes him money - - more than USD 3 million, " the sources added.
The decision to prohibit the use of mobile phones or wearing of jeans was arrived at by consensus during the panchayat meeting. " Dholpur district' s panchayat has issued an order prohibiting girls from wearing jeans or keeping mobile phones. It will make the village better. The decision to keep the matter before panch patel in case of a dispute is also right, " Jagdish, a villager, said. If the freedom, rights of any person are violated, then it is not right.
8 crore. 13 crore, while the performance- linked incentive stood at Rs 9 crore during FY17. Bharti Airtel Managing Director and CEO ( India and South Asia) Gopal Vittal earned Rs 9. 46 crore, Rs 2.
After the situation got out of control, Thakur even asked the workers to get a letter signed from the chief minister stating that the police should not check vehicles. The irate BJP workers raised slogans against police. à ¤² à ¤¿à ¤¸ à ¤? : 01- 07- 2017 # uppolice ( 1/ 3) pic. twitter. com/ DRXTZ2ynv2ALSO READ: Uttar Pradesh female cop chides bullying BJP workers, video goes viral
No official reason was given by the embassy officials to the journalists. The trip was to commence from July 8 and end on July 15. One of the participants, Vijay Naik, Convenor of Indian Association of Foreign Affairs Correspondents said, " The invite was received but because the tensions have increased the Chinese may have thought of letting things cool down and let the atmosphere become conducive again for the media programme to resume. It is really disappointing" .
In an order passed on June 30, the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( Sebi) imposed the penalty on Sungold Capital Ltd and its three executive directors - - Rajiv R Kotia, Ashok Modi and Sharad Gandhi. Besides, the company and its three executive directors faced a penalty of Rs 10 lakh for providing " false and misleading information" to the stock exchanges by classifying the shareholding of the promoter group as public holding. Also, a fine of Rs 12 lakh was levied on Kotia, who is also the promoter, chairman and managing director of Sungold Capital Ltd, for failure to disclose to the company and to the stock exchange the change in the shareholding of his wife and son in the firm.
_ _ _ _ # HouseOfSuraj # Contestants # Dance # StarPlus # DanceLoversA post shared by STAR PLUS ( @ starplus) on Jun 27, 2017 at 8: 05am PDT" Khushi is not participating in any kind of dance class or any show. Tune- in 1st July onwards, Sat- Sun at 8pm. We do not know where this came from, " IANS quoted the actress as saying.
In the letter to all the chief secretaries dated June 28, UIDAI has said that states governments can set up their own enrolment centres within the government or municipal premises with their own personnel as enrolment operators. Asked about the implication of the new directive, Pandey said, " private entrepreneurs will have to find supervised premises or they have to close down business" . Thereafter, the number of such centres can be reviewed as per demand. Aadhaar has been issued to more than 115 crore people till date. ALSO READ: Furious Supreme Court to government on Aadhaar: How can you make it compulsory?
Addressing chartered accountants on the foundation day of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI) at the Indira Gandhi Stadium in Delhi, PM Modi said there had been a record 45 per cent drop in deposits by Indians in Swiss banks. A day after the GST was rolled out in the Central Hall of Parliament, Modi said that the tax reform would help weed out black money.
the RPI( A) leader asked. He said the police should take action against those who lynch people in the name of cow protection. The Union minister of state for social justice and empowerment also batted for 25 per cent reservation for Dalits and tribals in cricket and other games, saying these sections have never got due recognition in sports. " They are not gau rakshak, but manav bhakshak.
The area on the Doklam plateau south of the dotted line is claimed by China, and it is here that Beijing was building a road into what Bhutan sees as its territory, triggering the stand- off with Bhutan and India. India is deeply concerned at the recent Chinese actions and has conveyed to the Chinese Government that such construction would represent a significant change of status quo with serious security implications for India, " the Ministry of External Affairs said. " Any attempt, therefore, to unilaterally determine tri- junction points is in violation of this understanding. Also Read: India- China standoff in Sikkim: What happened at Doka La
According to sources, AAP leaders have said that there is no question of their abstaining from voting or lending support to NDA' s presidential candidate Ram Nath Kovind. ALSO READ | With Sonia, Manmohan by her side, Meira Kumar files nomination for presidential electionALSO READ | Presidential election: Opposition pick Meira Kumar to invoke Mahatma Gandhi' s legacy during campaign Everyone knows the importance of Sabarmati and Sabarmati' s Sant ( Mahatma Gandhi) . Just by going there one gets Shakti ( power) , so I am also going there, " Kumar had said.
# onsetcraziness@ saqibsaleempic. But Saqib insisted that a mountain was being made of a molehill. A post shared by Saqib Saleem ( @ saqibsaleem) on Aug 4, 2016 at 6: 55am PDT" The thing is that woh bhi Dilli ki laundi hai, aur main bhi Dilli ka launda hoon ( She is a Delhi girl and I am a Delhi boy) . twitter. ! That' s why I say she is a very easy and comfortable person to be with.
A versatile artist, Das had carved a special place among the audience with his talent and performance, particularly through portrayal of negative roles. Das ( 56) , who had been undergoing treatment at a Mumbai hospital breathed his last yesterday night at his residence here, family sources said. Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik and Union Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan have condoled his death. "
The security flaw may cause a dent to PM Modi' s push for digital transaction. UPI was launched last year by NPCI, a not- for- profit organisation owned by a consortium of major banks and regulated by RBI. Crackdown by STF reveals that criminals are first compromising and getting the mobile connection of user and then using the leaked banking data they are withdrawing money through the App.
The letter was written on June 24. The open letter has been signed by 65 officers including noted former bureaucrats Bhaskar Ghose, Harsh Mandar and Wajahat Habibullah. " There is a growing hyper- nationalism that reduces any critique to a binary: if you are not with the government, you are anti- national, " the retired IAS and IPS officers said, adding, " These actions undermine the rule of law and the Indian Constitution since only the state - through its various organs and institutions - has the power to enforce the law. " Several reputed NGOs and civil society organisations are being charged with violating the provisions of the Foreign Contribution ( Regulation) Act and the Income Tax Act, " they said. Such intolerance breeds violence in a communally charged atmosphere- even to the extent of a local leader in UP provoking an attack upon the residence of a Superintendent of Police, whose family was terrorised. Vigilantism has become widespread. Those in authority should not be questioned- that is the clear message.
But there is one person who is not impressed. Praveen Vyas, whose 2016 docu- feature Manini also revolves around the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, has alleged that several scenes and dialogues Akshay and Bhumi' s film are a direct copy of his documentary. " The script of our film has been registered under our writers' names, Siddharth and Garima, with the authorised industry association since 2013. We firmly deny all the claims made by this gentleman who is obviously misled.
Earlier, two civilians were also killed and over 10 persons were injured in firing during an encounter between security forces and militants in Jammu and Kashmir' s Anantnag. Security forces were fired at when they launched an operation in Batpora village after a tip- off about the militants hiding in a house, " the police said in a statement. The statement said, " Some militants are still holed- up in the house. Lashkari is also responsible for killing of SHO Feroz with other 5 policeman last month. WHO IS BASHIR LASHKARI Hailing from Kokernag area of Anantnag district in south Kashmir Bashir Lashkari crossed to POK in 1999.
By Yoshita Singh New York, Jul 1 ( PTI) Indian- Americans, Adobe chief Shantanu Narayen and former US Surgeon General Vivek Murthy, are among 38 immigrants to be honoured this year for their role in helping advance the countrys society, culture and economy. Narayen, 54, a native of Hyderabad has an undergraduate degree in electronics engineering, a masters degree in computer science, and an MBA from UC Berkeley. Our annual tribute to Great Immigrants demonstrates the richness of talent, skills, and achievements that immigrants from around the world bring to every sphere of American society, " said Vartan Gregorian, president of Carnegie Corporation of New York. " Today, we celebrate and thank them, " he said.
Evacuation task was completed within 60 seconds and no casualties have been reported. Due to this incident, Senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi, Union Minister Ram Kripal Yadav and some other dignitaries are stuck at the airport as air traffic has been suspended until further orders. Though at the beginning reports suggested that a tyre- burst led to the incident, but in a statement Indigo denied it.
India' s biggest tax reform - - Goods and Services Tax ( GST) - - is going to come into effect from July 1. The framework of the tax reform was formed 17 years ago during Atal Bihari Vajpayee government. Sonia Gandhi to meet Manmohan Singh to decide today
Rohatgi had fiercely defended the government at critical legal battles at the Supreme Court and is known for his aggressive and combative style. The announcement could be made on the weekend as the Supreme Court opens on Monday. He is regarded an authority on constitutional law.
Yavatmal, Jun 29 ( PTI) Driver of an 108 ambulance was arrested last night for allegedly smuggling Indian Made Foreign Liquor ( IMFL) in the vehicle.
Hearing a petition filed by a Yerwada jail inmate about the inhuman condition there, a division bench of Justice R M Savant and Justice Sadhna Jadhav of Bombay High Court today said, " After the death of Manjula Shetye, the issue of security of inmates has become important and it needs to be looked into. " The 41- year- old petitioner Balu alias Shivaji Tukaram Choudhary was arrested by police in 2014 for the murder of a gangster Parshuram.
It was for this reason, Sharma said, that the NDA government' s decision to announce a tax reform through a special midnight session of Parliament is a " publicity stunt" . " The midnight launch of the GST is an insult to 1947, " senior Congress leader Anand Sharma told Rajdeep Sardesai at India Today' s Midnight Conclave being held at New Delhi' s Hotel Taj Mansingh. Modi as CM always opposed GST, " he said. Revenue Secy Adhia has some news for you
Those were different situations. " Here' s the full text. " Earlier, Bhutan issued a demarche to China yesterday over the construction of a road towards its Army camp in Zomplri area of Doklam and asked Beijing to restore status quo by stopping the work immediately. iv. Doklam is a disputed territory and Bhutan has a written agreement with China that pending the final resolution of the boundary issue, peace and tranquillity should be maintained in the area. 3. 4. Both sides have worked hard to establish institutional framework to discuss all issues to ensure peace and tranquillity in the India- China border areas.
This time, in Mumbai. The accused and his victim were travelling from Bengaluru to Mumbai on the early morning flight. He did not stop even when she told him she would complain to the crew, which she did. 45 am. Also read:
A guidance manual for such GST Seva Kendras too has been circulated to all offices in a bid to standardise quality taxpayer services. Henceforth, all field offices from the Chief Commissioners office to the Range should serve as GST Seva- Kendras for effective trade facilitation, " it said. This work may be done in a time- bound manner so as to be completed in next 2- 3 days, " Ramesh wrote. In the run- up to the GST rollout, CBEC had organised outreach programmes and training sessions for the new regime.
5 per cent. This is rubbish. " But, the figure was put forth by the 13th Finance Commission and that too for an ideal GST, Debroy said. He said, " There are talks that 140 countries or 160 countries in the world that have GST. COMPLETE GST MIDNIGHT CONCLAVE STORIESALSO READ
This is not self promotion. Those who will not take part, would not stop it even if they take part ( in the session) . " With regard to Jammu and Kashmir, where enabling GST law has not been passed by the Assembly, Jaitley said, the delay is due to Article 370, which a is reality and the politics of the state. The decision will be taken sooner than later, Jaitley said. They supported GST in the Council but are not with it in the state. If the manufacturer in Jammu and Kashmir tries to sell products outside the state, they will have to pay taxes twice. There is lot of tax evasion in real estate sector.
Treating water with a combination of disinfectants or increasing their concentrations can help. Water can be disinfected with chlorine or other disinfectants, but there are some hardy bacteria and other microorganisms that are hard to remove. Building on this work, researchers from Max- Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems in Germany and Institute for Bioengineering of Catalonia ( IBEC) in Spain wanted to see if they could engineer tiny robots to remove waterborne bacteria. Bacteria stick to the gold and are killed by the silver nanoparticles.
# GST@ S_ MahajanLSpic. twitter. The stage is all set for the rollout of the major indirect tax reform measure - Goods and Services Tax ( GST) - in Parliament' s Central Hall tonight amid boycott by the Congress, the Trinamool and other opposition parties. 01 pm: Playing of national anthem11. 02 pm: Felicitation and introductory remarks by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley11.
Speaking on the eve of India' s third ODI against the Caribbean side at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Kohli said that the appointment of the new coach is in BCCI' s control and that his side' s priority is to just focus on their game and win the ongoing series. " The process is always in place. Right now, we have series at hand and this is what we are focused on. When quizzed whether he has any say on the appointment of the coach, the swashbuckling batsman said that they only voice their opinion as a team and that there is no individual view involved. " Former Indian cricketer Lalchand Rajput, Dodda Ganesh, Richard Pybus and Tom Moody and former Indian opener Virender Sehwag have all applied for the post.
London, Jun 30 ( PTI) Supermodel Gigi Hadid says R& B diva Rihanna inspires her to get dressed every day. The 22- year- old model says Rihannas street style is inspiring, but admits she cannot pull off the outfits the singer wears, reported Elle magazine.
However, it did not affect him. Hafiz Saeed had adopted the name JuD after its terror outfit, Laskar- e- Tayyiba ( LeT) that basically perpetrates terror in India, was banned by Pakistan on 14 January 2002 under international pressure. Pakistan, probably, was expecting all this to happen, and therefore would have decided to act on Hafiz Saeed' s new terror front before it became another international rallying point against it. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Donald Trump in a joint statement, during Indian PM' s US tour, labeled Pakistan a terror haven. Not to mention the US has designated Pakistan- based Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin as a global terrorist.
More than 80 Indian soldiers were killed, while estimates say between 300 to 400 Chinese troops were killed. The last time India and China were engaged in a major military stand- off in Sikkim was in 1967. Indian Army had got better of the Chinese yet again. " He wrote, " No wonder, Sino- Indian border has remained peaceful ever since to the extent that today Chinese soldiers come and ask their Indian counterparts at Nathu La for cigarettes, rum and tea, mail is exchanged twice in a week in a hut constructed specially for this purpose and border personnel meeting takes place there twice a year. " That stand- off was also marked by Chinese irritation at the Indian Army' s presence in the then Kingdom of Sikkim. The Chinese were not comfortable with Sikkim being an Indian protectorate with the deployment of the Indian Army at that time, " recalled Maj Gen Sheru Thapliyal ( retd) , who was in 1967 posted in nearby Sebu La and later commanded the Nathu La brigade.
The man, accused of raping and killing an eight- year- old, was lynched in the Ramgarh thana of Dumka district. Dumka and Ramgarh districts are located around 300 kilometers apart. She along with a few others girls from the wedding party went to a nearby lake to take a bath where Hansda, in a drunken state, misbehaved with them, Prabhat Khabar reported. In the meantime, the girls who were at the lake where Hansda had misbehaved with them revealed what had happened. On Wednesday, villagers again accosted Hansda, tied him to a tree and beat him mercilessly, Prabhat Khabar reported.
FARMERS SUICIDE EVERYWHEREIn Hoshangabad, four farmers have committed suicide while three each from Badwani and Dhar districts took the extreme step. Family members of the farmers, who ended their lives, have alleged either a debt trap or farm related distress as the cause but the state government does not agree with them. Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan' s home district Sehore  tops the suicide list where nine farmers have taken the extreme step. ALSO READ | Revealed: What is killing India' s farmers?
The finance ministry has approved four main GST rate bands: 5 per cent, 12 per cent, 18 per cent and 28 per cent. Even as some citizens are concerned that the historic goods and services tax ( GST) will push prices of several items through the roof, a group of government officials in Mumbai paving the way for the July 1 rollout has been hit by collapsing and leaky ceilings. However, Rohit Singla, deputy commissioner in the service tax department, got the shock of his life this week when a large chunk of the ceiling crashed inside his cabin while he was working on a computer six feet away. The CPWD and income tax administration are responsible for this incident, " a senior IT official told Mail Today. In fact, this being a disputed property, the board is unwilling to spend any money on such repairs, " Agnihotri said.
Calling for a deeper penetration of financial products into the markets, he lamented, " Even though 9/ 10 of us have a mobile phone and 3/ 10 of us have a smartphone, only 1/ 25 has an investment in a mutual fund. " He claimed that the launch of Reliance Growth and Reliance Vision funds in 1995 is justifiably regarded as a watershed event in the history of mutual funds in the country as these brought millions of retail investors into the capital markets and generated unprecedented wealth for them. He said Reliance MF has grown from an AUM ( assets under management) of under Rs 60 crore in 1995 and Rs 2, 200 crore in 2002 to Rs 2. 58 trillion.
At the end of the day, two people make a relationship work. While she has been busy romancing heroes in films, she recently spilled the beans on her idea of an ideal man and her marriage plans to Filmfare in an interview. She added, " If I do decide to take the plunge, it would be with someone who understands and supports that. However, there is no official confirmation.
The Nagarkurnool government hospital does not have the five gynecologists and two anesthetists it needs to cope with the demand for medical care, so patients are forced to go to private clinics, or to Mahbubnagar. She. . IT minister K Tarakrama Rao - who is KCR' s son - tweeted photos of the refurbished King Koti and Malakpet hospitals in Hyderabad as examples of the ' changing face of healthcare in the state. '
Speaking to India Today, JD- U spokesperson Neeraj Kumar said that PM Modi was more interested in votes in the name of cow rather than " gau seva" . " This is because PM has made cow the national agenda for doing politics and this had to be the result. It seems that the authority of PM Modi is declining, especially in BJP- ruled states where there are several fake gau rakshaks. PM should feel ashamed of this.
According to the latest data published today by Switzerland' s central banking authority SNB ( Swiss National Bank) , deposit by Indians is down to 676 Swiss francs, which comes to about Rs 4, 500 crore in 2016. The issue of black money has been a matter of big debate in India and Switzerland has been long perceived as one of the safest havens for the illicit wealth allegedly stashed abroad by Indians. ( PTI inputs) Also read:
They have launched an online petition, signed by 150 people, protesting against the lack of consultation over the new uniformed hijab. " By Aditi Khanna London, Jun 28 ( PTI) A secondary school in north- west England has become the first in the UK to offer hijabs or headscarves worn by Muslims as part of the uniform for pupils. It is very tight and in some cases too short as some of the girls have long hair and so it defeats the object to wear it, " the petition reads. This is not true.
For the longest time, beauty pageants have been criticised for not accepting that beauty comes in all forms. Also Read: Latest avatars of Sita and Wonder Woman are the icons we wish we grew up with" In primary school, no one wanted to be friends with me. Add to that a birth mark across her neck and shoulders, and you have a woman who was bullied throughout her childhood. Also Read: Sushmita Sen rules Miss Universe yet again, 23 years after winning the title
It is our economic freedom, " he said. But there is just one way of describing its true promise. He said the free market is a force for generating wealth and transforming lives and the real promise of GST is promise of economic liberation. Seventy years ago, at the stroke of the mid- night hour, our first Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, spoke movingly in the Central Hall of Parliament about Indias tryst with destiny. "
The implant, which, according to Meow, gives him ' an ability not everyone else has' , is that of his Opal card chip, cut down to 10mmX6mm to suit the purpose. For, Meow has implanted a travel- card chip in his left hand. Also Read: This young engineer from India booked a ticket to USA for Re 1 only!
Narsingh also questioned how Sushil has been appointed observer despite allegations of sabotage levelled against him before Rio Olympics. Narsingh has been suspended on charges of doping for four years. " Narsingh last week sent a letter to the Sports Ministry, raising questions on how Sushil could become a national observer, when he is involved with the grooming of wrestlers at the Chhatrasal Stadium' s akhada which is run by his father- in- law Satpal. " I have no hard feelings for anyone or about anything. "
Former Indian medium pacer and current junior national chief selector Venkatesh Prasad has applied for the post of Indian cricket team' s head coach. He had worked in the capacity of the bowling coach in the past as well. Prasad, who played 33 Tests and 162 ODIs for India, is set to finish his three- year term as the junior India chief selector in September this year.
Voluntary contributions for the fund have been called for by the UN and the committee since its establishment in 2006. The UN Trust Fund for International Cooperation in Tax Matters ( the UN Tax Fund) received its first financial voluntary contribution from India, the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs Office for Financing for Development Office announced. India became the first country to respond to the call with an initial contribution of USD 100, 000 that will be dedicated towards ensuring greater support for developing countries' participation in the sub- committee meetings of the UN Tax Committee, which are currently unfunded.
However, the move may have come a little too late as hours later the Union Cabinet gave its in- principle approval for the disinvestment of Air India. New Delhi, Jun 28 ( PTI) An employees union of Air India today met NITI Aayog chairman Arvind Panagriya and demanded that the government waive the airlines debt, instead of selling it to a private player. The union members also highlighted that the airline had incurred huge losses because of " hasty decisions and wrong civil aviation policy of the Government of India" such as the purchase of 111 aircraft and surrendering of profitable routes to private carriers.
Home Guards Reserve Inspector Ashok Kumar Sethi made the personnel kneel down for two minutes after finding them improperly dressed. " In a bizarre incident, the four Home Guards personnel, including a female cop, were asked to kneel down with their hands up as a punishment for wearing improper uniform in Odisha' s Mayurbhanj district. My intent was not to embarrass them.
FIFA is set to shift India' s Under- 17 World Cup matches from Mumbai to the national capital Delhi as the apex soccer body has taken the host governments request " very seriously" . We take the requests from the Indian Government very seriously, as its our main partner in the organisation of the FIFA U- 17 World Cup. " Though he did not reveal the names, Yarza said at least two top players will be present on the the day of the official draw in Mumbai on July 7. " Well, we cannot spoil the fun for the fans.
Also read | Happy with my performance: Srikanth after winning Australian Open Super Series Participating as chief guest, Naidu played badminton on the dais with the racket presented by Srikanth to him before the start of the programme. Speaking on the occasion, Naidu said, " Equal importance should be given to all sports. Srikanth' s mother Radhamukunda thanked the chief minister for her son' s success.
The scrutiny will take place on July 19 and the last date for withdrawing nomination is July 21, he said. He said no whip can be issued by political parties. Secretary General of Rajya Sabha Shumsher K Sheriff will be the returning officer for the election, Zaidi said.
Gaud said the rules related to the refund on cancelled tickets were changed in November 2015 under Railway Passengers ( cancellation of tickets and refund of fare) Rules 2015, under which cancellation fee was increased up to two times. 38 billion in FY 9. As per the RTI reply, the Railways earned Rs 17. 38 billion. 23 crore in FY 2015- 16 and Rs 14.
s key and resent automatically. Critics said that the Guardian article overstated the risk of what is known in the jargon as a man- in- the- middle attack, in which a third party could exploit the combination of offline phone, messages in transit and changed key to intercept private communications. . backdoor? Second, a much smaller group, activists in authoritarian regimes, whose threat model means they need high security and for whom the popularity of WhatsApp means they can ? s servers. One called it a ? But it was right to bring to wide public notice an aspect of WhatsApp that had the potential to make some messages vulnerable to being read by an unintended recipient. One expert called WhatsApp ? ? Trust is required.
Chandigarh, June 28 ( PTI) The Punjab and Haryana High Court today issued a notice to the Punjab government, less than a week after the state Assembly amended the Excise Act, 1914 removing hotels, restaurants and clubs from the restrictions on serving of liquor within 500 metres of highways. The notice was issued for July 24 by a vacation bench of Justice Anita Chaudhry and Justice Harminder Singh Madaan on a petition filed by NGO Arrive Safe Society through its president Harman Singh Sidhu.
We got her ( Seema) married to Sanjiv Kumar about seven years ago and soon he and his family members started harassing her mentally and physically for dowry, " Swaroop said. " POLICE ASSURES ACTIONIG Ram Kumar promised help and action. " The girl had gone to the top cop' s office with her maternal grandfather, Shanti Swaroop, to " offer a bribe" after policemen allegedly demanded money to act against those responsible for the death. " He also said the police were asking for money to prepare a final report and arrest the other accused. " Suddenly, Manvi walked in with her piggy bank and asked us to take her money and give it to the cops. So we did not have money, " said Rohit. "
Pell was ordered to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court on July 18. Pell said he would return to Australia to fight the charges. But more recently, Pell himself became the focus of a clergy sex abuse investigation, with Victoria detectives flying to the Vatican last year to interview the cardinal. He instead testified via video conference from Rome. He said he is looking forward to his day in court and will defend the charges vigorously, " the statement said. We have to wait for justice and not first make a mediatic judgment - a judgment of gossip - because that will not help. " The Vatican successfully cited his diplomatic immunity.
. The Punjabi Prison match, very much like a steel cage match at Hell in a Cell or Elimination Chamber, is where two or more Superstars are locked inside to battle it out for supremacy without outside intervention. # SDLivepic. twitter.
Bollywood actors Shah Rukh Khan and Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who endorsed its portal Addsbook. com, the complaint alleged. However, the actors are not mentioned as either accused or suspects by the Uttar Pradesh Police, which had probed the matter earlier. According to the Uttar Pradesh Police, which was probing the matter, Garg and Sudesh offered membership to more than four lakh people in four months for the click and earn plan.
In what explains to an extent the spurt in cases of road mishaps, as many as 75 per cent of the road signages put up in different areas of Delhi and NCR have been found to be incorrect. According to a survey conducted by the Institute of Road Traffic Education ( IRTE) of as many as 1, 514 road signages over a stretch of 85 kilometres in the national capital, a total of 1, 098 ( nearly 75 per cent) have failed to meet the required parameters.
The entire business community, especially the small and medium ones, are scared and confused. According to the Bengal CM, at least six more months were required  to notify all rules and procedures and give enough time to the stakeholders, particularly the Small and Medium Enterprises to successfully implement the GST. ECONOMY NOT READY FOR GSTAlleging that the economy was not yet ready to face the GST test from the July 1, Mamata said, " Small business entities are not yet ready with the basic requirements like invoice, accounting system, IT system, etc. As a mark of protest against the Centre' s move, the West Bengal CM announced that the Trinamool Congress will boycott the midnight programme at the Parliament House to launch GST. Targeting the Centre for any an impending chaos in the economy, Mamata said states were being pressurized to make interim arrangements for GST roll- out. "
Yadav alleged he was beaten by Tej Pratap on June 23, the day Lalu hosted Iftar party at his official residence. " Yadav, incidentally could not properly defend Lalu on the debate, which infuriated Tej Pratap. Soon after the incident, Sanoj Yadav resigned from all the post of the RJD and said that he was also fearing for his life from Tej Pratap Yadav. After meeting Modi on Tuesday, Yadav declared that he was soon going to join BJP.
The former German tennis star Becker was declared bankrupt by a court in London after failing to pay a " substantial" long- standing debt since 2015. The bankruptcy application was made by private bankers Arbuthnot Latham and Co. in connection with a judgment debt owed them by Becker dating back to 2015. His advocate told the registrar his instructions from Becker were that it was expected the deal would be approved by a Spanish bank in approximately one month. 7 million) .
. Girls should not go to places where there is naked dance of shamelessness, " said Azam Khan while referring to the July 2016 gang rape of a minor and her mother in Bulandshahr. # WATCH Senior SP leader Azam Khan' s statement on the Army pic. twitter. ALSO READ:
He Has been arrested. Investigation underway pic. After the alleged leak, the makers on Twitter, requested fans and media not to share those leaked images, as it is an important scene in the film. twitter. Superstar Jr NTR, who will be seen in the Telugu version of Big Boss, is teaming up with Bobby for Jai Lava Kusa.
According to reports, the police arrived at the spot and rescued Ansari and his family as the violent mob tried to torch his house. There was heavy stone- pelting. The police said it had to open fire to disperse the crowd, which resorted to stone pelting. " The incident in Giridih, some 200 km from Jharkhand capital Ranchi, comes just days after a 16- year- old teen was beaten to death inside a local train in Ballabgarh, Haryana, by a mob which accused him of carrying beef.
The Navys new destroyer, a domestically designed and produced vessel, was launched at the Jiangnan Shipyard ( Group) , Shanghai. The vessel is the first of Chinas new generation of destroyers. The first aircraft carrier Liaoning has left with a flotilla of Chinese naval ships on June 25 on " routine training mission" from Qingdao in east China. The biggest naval destroyer was an addition to two aircraft carriers which China is in the process of deploying to compete with other naval powers liked the US and India, specially in the India Ocean.
Tamil Nadu Milk and Dairy Products Developments Minister Rajendra Balaji once again stirred a controversy by alleging that the products of private milk producers are adulterated. Selvan retaliated by stating that it was AIADMK which pushed Balaji from rags to riches and hence, he should not apeak against a party member in such a manner. The minister also stated that he came under pressure when he took his stance and he had to fight many hurdles.
Even though there is a lot of pressure on him to get into active politics from many quarters, he is no hurry to bite the bait. He will be meeting old friends whose judgment he trusts, including Bachchan saab and discuss it with them, " the source added. Only time will tell. 0, starring Akshay Kumar in the lead.
His modus operandi was simple and clever. Bengaluru Police have arrested a man accused of cheating over 100 women, of befriending them on matrimonial sites and then swindling money from them after promising marriage. He then worked as a telecaller for various companies. ALSO READ | Bengaluru startup CEO enters restricted forest area, loses arm fighting a crocodile to save dogs
An ambulance was today stopped to let the convoy of the former prime minister Deve Gowda to pass in Chikkaballapur district in Karnataka.
This will prove to be a safe place for orphaned, abandoned and surrendered children, " said a senior ministry official. TO FILL THE GAPThe move came after the ministry found it difficult to bridge the gap between 600 kids up for adoption and 14, 000 requests. After a hospital or orphanage is notified by the ringing bell, officials will take the child into custody and he or she will handed over to the area' s child welfare committee. REASONS FOR ABANDONMENTThe reasons for abandonment vary: an unwed mother facing social stigma; parents unable to look after their child, often because it is mentally or physically ill; or simply not wanting a girl. Ministry officials are yet to place police stations in the same ambit, citing complications of taking care of infants at such spots and are awaiting the approval of ministry of home affairs for this.
Serena Williams is showing off her pregnancy with a nude photo on the cover of the August issue of Vanity Fair. The magazine unveiled the cover Tuesday.
The competitions of small boats will be held as usual. Reports have it that the NTBR was the first to propose the idea of having a Indian Premier League- style version of Kerala' s traditional boat races. The nine snake boats, which come in the last leg of NTBR, will qualify for the other eight competitions in the league. THE HISTORYThe snake boat gets its name from the shape of its front end, which is bents upward like a snake serpent about to strike ( use your imagination to picture it) .
The multi- lateral lender is keen to support the Indian government in its efforts to better equip the young workforce with employable skills. Under the programme, adults in 15- 59 years of age, underemployed or unemployed, will get the skill training. It will also include the 1. The USD 250- million Skill India Mission Operation ( SIMO) , approved by the World Bank board of executive directors, will increase the market relevance of short- term skill development programmes ( 3- 12 months or up to 600 hours) at the national and state level, " the Bank said in a release.
The " Shape Of You" hitmakers comments came in after some viewers present at the show were left confused when they heard the sound of the guitar while the singer did not play anything. Never thought Id have to explain it, but everything I do in my live show is live, its a loop station, not a backing track. Please Google, " wrote Sheeran.
25 billion people enjoying massive popularity and representing one of the fastest growing economies of the world deserves a lot of attention. Business daily The Marker in a feature story in its Hebrew edition discussing Indo- Israel ties says that Israelis had set up huge expectations from US President Donald Trumps visit to the Jewish state but " he didnt say much" while Modi, a leader of 1. This is a historic visit to Israel. The Indian prime minister is scheduled to have dinner with Netanyahu following his arrival to Israel on July 4. International Yoga Day celebrations in Israel saw massive coverage by the Israeli media with some commentators talking about the " soft diplomatic power it arms New Delhi with" . Modi would also call upon Israels President Reuven Rivlin on July 5 and the leader of opposition, Isaac Herzog.
The injured have been admitted to ESI Hospital and Safdarjung Hospital. Five members of a family were killed and nine others injured when a LPG cylinder exploded inside their house in South Delhi' s Okhla Phase- I on Monday night. According to reports, the blast took place when dinner was being prepared for relatives and guests who had gathered for a marriage which was fixed for Wednesday ( June 28) .
Sad caste is a factor in election. Meira Kumar had earlier appealed to members of the electoral college to " heed the inner voice of conscience" while casting their vote in the July 17 election and said the President' s office " cannot function to serve narrow political interests" . I will decide what to do at an appropriate time, " Meira Kumar said. Such things happen in politics. Day after Sushma attacks Meira Kumar with a 2013 video, Congress takes Swaraj down memory lane
This is because our war is against the armed groups belonging to these religions that are oppressing the Muslims, " it said. ' The Indian state is the fundamental obstacle in the formation of an Islamic India. Islam has governed India for one thousand years. ALSO READ | Bangladesh: 6 arrested JMB militants reveal Al- Qaeda, ISIS terror plot to disrupt Ramadan
44 car. Driving alongside and deliberately driving into a driver and getting away scot- free pretty much - he still came away with fourth - I think that is a disgrace, " Hamilton was quoted as saying by the Guardian. " I did not give him the finger, " he said. If he wants to prove that he is a man, I think he should do it out of the car face to face. I damaged my wing, I think he had a little bit of damage as well.
Well, actually, I don' t, " she told reporters at a sun- drenched Devonshire Park. " The Czech won the Birmingham grasscourt event on Sunday in only her second tournament since returning from the severe injuries to her left playing hand sustained in a knife attack by an intruder at her home last December. I know how tough it is to win a grand slam, so I am not really seeing myself as one of the favorites right now. " Providing she recovers, the 27- year- old will be high on most people' s lists of possible Wimbledon winners as she goes in search of a third title and many think she among the favourites. "
com/ 1XugQIXSNaIn another video that showed PM Modi leaving the White House after the working dinner, we noticed the Marine corp opening the left door of Modi' s car again, even though there was no one to enter the vehicle from that side. Guard salutes3. The much anticipated PM Narendra Modi - President Donald Trump meet is now over. . ¢ pic. # ModiTrumpMeetpic. twitter. ?
Primary level is the formative level of education and we are trying to rebuild this level for a better superstructure, " said UP BJP spokesperson Chandra MohanMoreover, the UP government seems to have found itself in an advantageous position as the BJP at the Centre is also celebrating its three years in power. Adopting schools personally will get each school adequate attention. We are taking the achievements of the Yogi government to the people of UP by means of local gatherings called the ' Jan Kalyan Sammelan' in all the mandals of the state. These programmes started from Sunday.
And I believe she has accepted, " Trump said. Modi also separately invited Trump' s daughter Ivanka to the US delegation to the Global Entrepreneurship Summit in India that will be held later this year. " pic. During my campaign, I pledged that if elected, India would have a true friend in the White House. Modi also became the first world leader whom Trump hosted at the White House for a working dinner. '
New Delhi, Jun 26 ( PTI) State- owned telecom corporation Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd ( MTNL) today said it expects to repay about Rs 125 crore of debt before June- end. . Sometimes we use the internal accruals and sometimes we use fresh line of credit, " he said. The PSU has shot off a letter to the telecom department seeking extension in the validity of its mobile licence for the Delhi and Mumbai circles by two more years till 2021, at no extra cost.
Vigilance Commissioner T M Bhasin told PTI the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) has given the necessary approval to the CVC on this. The necessary mechanism has been put in place and cases of corruption in the private sector banks are now being looked into, " Bhasin said. The move comes after the Supreme Court last year ruled that the chairman, managing directors and other officers of a private bank could be seen as public servants when it came to the Prevention of Corruption ( PC) Act, 1988.
Earlier Sara Ali Khan was in running for this film before she opted out for Kedarnath. The report suggests that Karan Johar has roped in Shashank Khaitan as the director of the film. In fact, the two have begun with the look tests for the remake. The report suggests that Ishaan and Jhanvi are secretly dating, and Shahid does not want Ishaan' s personal life to take away the focus from his debut film Beyond The Clouds.
Modi said corruption was the main reason why governments in India were voted out in the past. " He underscored that technology has brought about transparency and is being used to achieve great heights across sectors in India. " The world today sees India as a top investment direction, " he said and urged the diaspora to work for and help in the development of India. He added that India is growing at an unprecedented pace.
Prison officials complained that four to five women inmates - including Mukherjea - were at the forefront in the protests, Zonal DCP Akhilesh Singh said. The officials' complaint says inmates began protesting after news of the prisoner' s death reached the jail. Byculla prison' s Inspector General said an investigation was under way to find out whether Mukerjea led the protest. ALSO READ | How demonetisation affected Sheena Bora murder accused Indrani Mukerjea
Forest has rules. Unsaid yet well known. TREATMENT The Times of India quoted Thomas Chandy, Chief of Orthopaedics, as saying, " A crocodile bite is powerful and has crushed the arm, just like in the case of any industrial accident. A report on India.
For instance,   The fellow, who goes by the name " Jai Shri Ram" on Twitter, cannot fathom how a Hindu can wish people on Eid. India is a secular democratic. . at the Sufi Shrine of Hazrat Nizamuddin Auliya in Delhi" .
These driverless trains, known as UTO ( Unattended Train Operations) , will be phased in gradually after the start of the line. It is slated to open for public between December 2017 and March 2018 in stages. 5- km Shakurpur- Mayapuri section will cover five of the 38 stations on the network: Shakurpur, Punjabi Bagh West, ESI Hospital, Rajouri Garden and Mayapuri. The longest in Delhi Metro, the Pink Line is poised to cover almost the entire circular Ring Road.
Asked about NDA' s candidate Ram Nath Kovind, Pawar said it was an " internal matter" of the ruling coalition and he cannot comment on it but Pawar added that he was expecting someone like Lal Krishna Advani to be their candidate as he was the deputy prime minister and has immense experience of governance. Murli Manohar Joshi was a union government minister for quite a long time. NCP Chief Sharad Pawar on Sunday had called in for a press meet to share his party' s views about the steps taken by the Maharashtra government to waive off loans of 40 lakh farmers that amounts to around Rs 34, 000 crore. " Pawar also said that the youth in Kashmir should be provided with employment opportunities and be regularly counselled so that they do not indulge in activities like stone pelting. ALSO READ: Farm loan waiver inadequate, will push for inclusion of all
He is 10th to reach this landmark in the history of professional Tennis. The Halle Open win was the hundredth title of his long and illustrious career, 92 of which are singles crowns while eight have come in doubles. He won the title in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009 and 2012 are the years he won the Wimbledon Grand Slam. He defeated older sibling Mischa in the round of 16.
The International Cricket Council ( ICC) chief executives' committee has approved all recommendations made by the ICC cricket committee in May, which include the use of Decision Review System ( DRS) in all T20I games and teams not losing a review when an LBW review comes back as Umpire' s Call. This includes the mandatory use of accredited ball tracking and edge detection technology. Teams will no longer have their reviews topped up at the 80- over mark in Test matches. This means that from October 1, teams will not lose a review for " umpire' s call" verdicts under the DRS. As a result, the main Committee of MCC will be asked to approve a limit to bat edges of 40mm and bat depths of 67mm ( 60mm for the depth plus an allowance of 7mm for a possible curve on the face of the bat) .
The same message also infiltrated government websites in the town of Brookhaven, New York, according to news reports in that state, as well as the website for Howard County, Maryland. Authors of the website " Cryptosphere, " which tracks hackers worldwide, have detailed dozens, if not hundreds, of similar hacks in recent years by the so- called Team System DZ, which they called a " pro- ISIS hacker crew" and claim are based in Algeria. But others see cause for alarm. " Wake up freedom- loving Americans. An India Today exclusive
All of a sudden the group of 20- 25 persons who had boarded the train from Okhla station pushed us and my brother Junaid fell down. DCP Vishnu Dayal, who has been camping in the village, told India Today that one accused has been arrested so far and others involved in the incident have been identified and would be nabbed soon. By the time it reached Okhla, the compartment was full. My brother Junaid was asked by an aged man who boarded the train to give seat to him. When I and Junaid told them why they were pushing they pointed to a skull cap on my head.
Veteran tennis star Leander Paes and his Canadian partner Adil Shamasdin clinched the men' s doubles title at the Aegon IIkley Challenger Trophy here on Saturday. The top seeds defeated local wild card entrants Brydan Klein and Joe Salisbury 2- 6, 6- 2, 10- 8 to clinch the trophy.
Batting coach Sanjay Bangar says Anil Kumble' s departure as head coach has definitely left a void in the Indian cricket team set- up even though the players are " coping up" well. Yes, Anil was doubling up. There were a lot of positive results under him. Regarding some of the senior pros' future, Bangar was positive. But what is of paramount importance is that Indian cricket should keep moving forward and the performances of the team should not really be affected in any manner. "
He was 69. His prominent films include " Ashwathama" ( 1978) , " Purushartham" ( 1987) and " Swaroopam" ( 1992) . Noted filmmaker KR Mohanan died  in Thiruvananthapuram on Sunday, his family said. A graduate from the Film and Television Institute of India, Mohanan played a key role in setting up the CPI- M- backed Kairali TV in the nineties and also headed the programme division of the channel during its formative period.
With school and college admissions being the flavour of season, doctors of city' s top government hospitals are battling a rush of people with requests for issuance of disability certificates. The new conditions will apply to people with cerebral palsy, dwarfism, muscular dystrophy, specific learning disabilities, deafness, autism, spectrum disorder, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson' s disease, haemophilia, thalassemia, sickle cell disease, multiple disabilities ( condition of any two disabilities or more) and acidattack survivors. It is strange to find that even though the child is ineligible to get a disability certificate, top private practitioners' at leading hospitals have issued the same to him. RML doctors said parents are misguided by school teachers often. " There is very poor awareness in teachers. Also Read
s show. People will see a new side of me, as I will play a variety of roles, which will be a departure from the typical entry and dance performance that I used to do. s earlier show, Comedy Nights With Kapil did. There is no competition with Kapil, but now that Ali and others are in my show, people will link it to Kapil again, saying they left him to join me. A post shared by Krushna Abhishek ( @ krushna30) on Jun 24, 2017 at 2: 08am PDT The show will star actors Ali Asgar and Sugandha Mishra, and will also have Preeti Simoes, the ex- creative director of Kapil? ? We don? No. Fingers crossed ?
15 pm. " She is declared dead. . After about 58 hours of rescue operation involving different agencies, the child, daughter of a farm labourer, was found dead today, police said. Rescue workers today pulled out dead the 14- month- old girl, who had accidentally slipped into an open borewell in Telangana' s Ranga Reddy district on Thursday.
This bitter truth was disclosed in an RTI response by the Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) and 19 PSU banks. The common feature of all locker hiring agreements states, " As per safe deposit memorandum of hiring locker, the bank will not be responsible for any loss or damage of the contents kept in the safe deposit vault as a result of any act of war or civil disorder or theft or burglary and the contents will be kept by the hirer at his or her sole risk and responsibility. " The banks have contended that in such a relationship, the lessor is responsible for his or her valuables kept in the locker which is owned by the bank. Stung by the revelation, the lawyer who had sought information under the transparency law has now moved the Competition Commission of India ( CCI) alleging " cartelisation" and " anti- competitive practices" by the banks in respect of the locker service.
It told the government that since offices of the financial institutions, the CAs and the construction firms were located in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai and other parts of the country, it would be better to get it probed by some central agency. The Adityanath government seems to rely more on CBI than on Uttar Pradesh police, " the SP spokesperson said. It is alleged that officials of the states Social Welfare, Building and Constructions Department connived with NGOs to divert funds. In its probe into alleged irregularities in the Yamunotri highway construction, the UP Police found out that Rs 455 crore were siphoned off by a Hyderabad- based firm, which undertook the project, in connivance with staff of 14 banks and some chartered accountants ( CAs) . By Abhinav Pandey Lucknow, Jun 25 ( PTI) With nearly half a dozen projects launched by former chief minister Akhilesh Yadav under the CBI scanner, the SP has attacked the Adityanath government saying it has reduced itself into an " inquiry committee" . On April 1, the chief minister had ordered an inquiry by a retired high court judge in the project.
Telegu actor Ravi Teja' s brother Bharath Raju died in a car crash last night. Apparently, police officials reached the spot within 5- 6 minutes, but Bharath had already succumbed to his injuries. But he was speeding, which led to his death. "
3. 20 lakh. Dilip Kumars rare set of an original watercolour, mixed media and collage showcard artworks of " Ram Aur Shyam" that saw the actor in a first double role, sold for Rs. Mehboob Khans " Andaz" hoarding with Raj Kapoor- Dilip Kumar- Nargis portraits went under the hammer for Rs 1.
It is feudal in nature. However, Union Home Secretary believes lynching incidents are over- hyped and do not deserve the kind of attention they have received. Deputy SP Pandith was lynched to death near Jamia Masjid in Nowhatta area in Srinagar. While condemning the incident as regretful, the Union Home Secretary claimed it will not change the entire complexity of the Kashmir situation.
Went 2 bed early cos been a hectic week. The Baadshah of Bollywood completes 25 years in films today, and took to Twitter to thank his fans for all their love. " . And thank you for everything. love you so much Bhai @ iamsrk. https: / / t. co/ k4e5ouQ0ILRed Chillies Entertainment shared a montage of Shah Rukh' s cinematic moments with his Dilwale dialogue playing in the background, " Dil toh har kisi ke paas hota hai. â? Lekin sab dilwale nahi hote. "
7 crore and Rs 1. 43 crore. HDFC Banks Managing Director Aditya Puri saw his remuneration rise marginally to Rs 10 crore and exercised stock options worth over Rs 57 crore during the last fiscal. New Delhi, Jun 25 ( PTI) SBI, one of the worlds 50 largest banks, pays only a small fraction to its top management as compared to private sector players like ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank. 07 per cent and 21.
impact Mumbai, Jun 25 ( PTI) Actor Akshaye Khanna, who has starred as a lead in several films, says he has consciously decided to take up smaller but effective roles in his second innings in Bollywood. We may have had only 20 days of work but the impact ( of our characters) is huge, " says Akshaye, who is playing an investigative officer in the movie. But there has never been a point in my life where I wanted to take things slow, or I dont want to work. " Now, it doesnt matter what adjectives people give it. I am glad people enjoyed my role in Dishoom and my role in Mom is fantastic.
Dismissing the 45- year- old mans plea for reduction of his punishment, Justice S P Garg said that awarding inadequate sentences is a " serious threat" society which it would not be able to endure. " Rejecting his plea, the court said that the man had betrayed the trust of the victim and " exhibited animal instinct at the time of commission of the crime" . " The trial court had awarded 10 years to the convict for the offence of rape and seven years for attempting to murder the victim, who had assisted him in getting a job and also used to teach his kids. In the early hours of morning he had consumed liquor.
Not just doc, ppt, pdf, docx file types,   WhatsApp will soon allow you to share all file types on the chat platform. The process of attachment is expected to be similar to how we send other files on chat app now which is using the paper clip icon seen within the app. For example, the maximum file size for iOS is 128MB, Android it is 100MB, Windows Phone 104. 86MB and on Web it is 64MB.
The tests were geared to measure participants available cognitive capacity - that is, the brains ability to hold and process data at any given time. In another experiment, researchers looked at how a persons self- reported smartphone dependence - or how strongly a person feels he or she needs to have a smartphone in order to get through a typical day - affected cognitive capacity. The researchers found that participants who were the most dependent on their smartphones performed worse compared with their less- dependent peers, but only when they kept their smartphones on the desk or in their pocket or bag. All participants were instructed to turn their phones to silent.
We will investigate the matter and will find out the accused behind this. After the gruesome terror attack today that claimed the lives of two Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) personnel, Additional Director General of Police ( ADG) of CRPF S N Srivastava said that such ' cowardly act' does not affect the morale of security forces. " Firing was on our vehicle. Moments after the attack, terror outfit Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) said that it was behind the terror act. A policeman was injured after a police jawan misfired.
Telecom companies have been instructed to bring down 3G and 4G data services in the entire Kashmir Valley to 2G speed immediately, the news agency ANI reported. This comes after terrorists on Saturday opened fire at a CRPF convoy near the Army cantonment in Srinagar' s Pantha Chowk, and fled towards Delhi Public School ( DPS) Srinagar, which has been cordoned off. The sub- inspector has been identified as GD Sahab Shukla, a resident of Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
This enraged the young Yadav so much that he abused and thrashed Sanoj black and blue in their iftar party that was held on June 23, Friday. He added that now he fears for his life and has asked Chief Minister Nitish Kumar to expel Tej Pratap Yadav from his cabinet. Yadav further alleged that RJD has been completely hijacked by Tej Pratap Yadav.    " Also read: Bihar ki beti will lose presidential election: Nitish on Meira Kumar
With India, were building that strategic partnership. We very much want to avoid a situation that escalates tensions between the two, " he said. " Meanwhile, a senior Trump official yesterday said that India and the US have a common objective in Afghanistan, and the two countries could increase their cooperation to enhance the Afghan economy. " So I think this is an area where I think they can expand that dialogue on what they can do to help the economy, help Afghanistan become more self- sufficiently financially. Thats the kind of role that the US would like to encourage and perhaps maybe even cooperate in terms of development projects, " the official said on condition of anonymity. They have pledged over USD 3 billion in assistance to Afghanistan. They built the parliament building.
This is first time in the history of Manipur. Principal Secretary ( Social Welfare) J C Ramthanga, Director ( Social Welfare) , Jacintha Lazarus and Deputy Commissioner ( Imphal West District) N Geoffrey attended the function as guests of honour. A helpline just for women was launched today at Kuranga Nayani Hall, D C office complex of Lamphel by Manipur State Commission for Women ( MSCW) and department of social welfare. The helpline will also provide information about the appropriate support services, government schemes and programmes available to the women affected by violence, in her particular situation within the local area in which she resides or is employed.
I think its a bit unfair. Yes, this will be the first opportunity for them to sit down and have a conversation, but I think that this is still fairly early on in the administration, " the official said. Ahead of the visit, Indian Ambassador to the US Navtej Sarna said the first face- to- face meeting between Prime Minister Modi and President Trump will give them an opportunity to look at the entire gamut of Indo- US engagement and to exchange views on issues of global interest. On whether the contentious H- 1B visa issue would come up for discussion during the meeting, a senior administration official said it was unlikely to be raised from the US side but if raised by the Indian side, the Americans were ready for it. It said the US is interested in providing India with the kind of defence technology it normally reserves for its closest allies, signalling the Trump administrations resolve to strengthen the bilateral defence relationship. Our cooperation helps increase global security and advance economic opportunity in both countries, " Warner said in response to a question.
Siddama was rammed by a motorbike. She suffered head and leg injuries. A young man was forced to carry his unconscious, and injured mother on foot  until help came by. It is only after a crowd that had gathered there asked the police to help the young man, that they were transported to the nearest general hospital. Also read:
It was a close shave for SSP who was in the vicinity when the policeman misfired. Terrorists today opened fire at a CRPF convoy near the Army cantonment in Srinagar' s Pantha Chowk and fled towards a school nearby. twitter. Appropriate response will be given.
At the time of filing this report, the encounter was still underway. Three paramilitary personnel were critically injured were injured in an encounter between Maoists and security forces in Chhattisgarh' s Sukma district today. The encounter with 74 battalion of Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) occurred at Kala Pathar near Chintagufa in Sukma, the worst Maoist violence- affected district in south Bastar area of the state. 72 CRPF and one police jawan were killed.
In Delhi, we are expecting 91 million passengers by 2020 and 109 million passengers by 2024, " Gajapathi Raju said at the briefing. The minister of state also said, " With a Rs 15 thousand crores of investment, Noida will turn into a aerotropolis, UP officials have confirmed us to extend the Greater Noida metro upto Jewar to provide a multi modal transport facility in the airport area. " Also at the briefing, Minister of State Jayant Sinha told media persons that within a year, the land procurement process is expected to be completed to start the bidding process for identifying the company which will develop the airport. " The airport will help reduce congestion at the Delhi International Airport. Also Read: Udan scheme: Now you can fly to these 43 cities, see the full list here
Uttar Pradesh had a fiscal deficit of a paltry Rs 3, 070 crore in FY91, which zoomed to Rs 64, 320 crore in FY16 and but is projected to improve to Rs 49, 960 crore in FY17. In fact from FY01, there was not a single year when the western state had shown improvements in its macro numbers. On the other hand, Gujarat, which had seen rapid industrialisation during the period of data analysis, had only Rs 1, 800 crore in fiscal deficit in FY91 but the same had jumped to Rs 22, 170 crore in FY16 and is projected to further deteriorate in FY17 to Rs 24, 610 crore. Similar is the case with Kerala, which is also slated to have higher deficit at Rs 23, 140 crore in FY17 from Rs 17, 720 crore in FY16 and a healthy Rs 800 crore in FY91.
Narottam Mishra is considered number two in the Shivraj Singh Chouhan cabinet in Madhya Pradesh. But, the high court and subsequently the Supreme Court had rejected Narottam Mishra' s plea. Complainant in the case is Rajendra Bharti, who had approached the Election Commission in 2012 alleging Narottam Mishra had paid for news without accounting for it in his expenses in 2008. WHAT IS THE CASE?
I myself have pet dogs at home. A high- profile nursery school in Delhi landed in soup recently for organising a monkey dance for the entertainment of its students. But this is India and we are all not so sensitised towards laws regarding wildlife. After I got a call from Maneka Gandhi herself enquiring about the incident, I found out about it and removed the Principal. "
No minister from the Narendra Modi cabinet attended the event - while Modi has stayed away from the presidential iftar party ever since he became prime minister, ministers like Rajnath Singh and Arun Jaitley have previously been present at the yearly get- together. The Central government went unrepresented at outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee' s iftar party that was held on Friday evening. Also Read: Nitish hosts Iftar party, Lalu Yadav and sons in attendance
This will be the first dinner for a foreign dignitary at the White House under this administration. And that will be followed by the working dinner. By Lalit K Jha                Washington, Jun 24 ( PTI) Seeking to " roll out a red- carpet welcome" to the Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, US President Donald Trump would host him for a working dinner at the White House on Monday, the first of its kind under this administration. " We anticipate that their discussions will be broad- ranging, hitting on a variety of regional and global issues that would seek to advance our common priorities, including fighting terrorism, promoting economic growth and prosperity, " the official added. Noting that the US is very much interested in facilitating Indias defence modernisation, and helping to enhance its role as a leader in the Asia Pacific, the official said the Trump Administration believes that a strong India is good for the US. " Today, nearly four million Indian Americans are in the United States, and more than 166, 000 Indian students are studying in the US, contributing USD 5 billion in economic activity and supporting an estimated 64, 000 American jobs, the official said. Modis visit to the US ?
The two leaders are meeting for the first time; notably, Modi will become the first world leader with whom Donald Trump sits down for a working dinner. Two questions. Q    Thank you, sir. So is President Trump ready to accept him and welcome him, because both have the same dream? Q    This will be the first face- to- face meeting - - MR. SPICER:   It will. ( Laughter. ) "
Last month, the veteran actor had asked his fans to " prepare for war, " hinting that he might consider entering politics. We are discussing and yet to take a decision. I have not denied it. ALSO READ | Rajinikanth admits discussing his entry into politics
( Hindi) Hamari matribhasha hamari pehchan hai. Venkaiah Naidu today said Hindi language is the identity of the Indians. " WHAT IS AT CORE? Venkaiah Naidu had then said that the latest notification on use of Hindi language was based on the recommendation of the Parliamentary Committee headed by the then home minister and Congress leader P Chidambaram in 2011.
The award was presented at the World Public Service Forum by UN Assistant Secretary General at a ceremony in Hague in Netherlands. In a major boost to Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee' s pet project ' Kanyashree' , the United Nations today accorded its highest award for public service to the West Bengal government for the scheme initiated to empower the girl child with education. The scheme has already enrolled more than four million adolescent girls with the state government transferring a sanctioned some of money directly to the beneficiaries' bank account.
he added. It did not come out as intended, and I intended no malice. He introduced his 2004 film The Libertine along with director Julian Temple but began talking about the US president following questions from the 1, 500- strong audience. I? ? s made clear that we should denounce violence in all of its forms and I think if we? During Friday? he said. s comments; I don?
Often following hard- won engagement, some western nations, whether distracted by short- sighted political motivations or the lucrative inducements of regional actors, walk away and allow the whole situation to return to the status quo ante, ? indifferent? chaotic behaviour? Sunni- Shia conflict? Persian- Arab enmity? and the ? ? Stoking Iranophobia?
India' s mapping and survey organisation Survey of India ( SoI) on Thursday said that Google Maps is " not authenticated" and " un- approved" by the government, and hence not fit for high- end applications. It has not been produced by the government, so they are not authenticated, " Rao said at a programme on the occasion of 250th anniversary of the Survey of India. But when we have to put a new railway line or a make canals, that is where our topographic maps come in, when you require very accurate, engineering quality data. "
Los Angeles, Jun 23 ( PTI) Scientists have created a skin patch that can power a radio for two days using human sweat, and may eventually be used to charge mobile devices while people are out for a run. The bio fuel patch may also provide a way to monitor glucose levels in people with diabetes, without needles and blood samples, researchers said. We are now getting really impressive power levels.
I am from Russia. ' Also Read: This couple is making lots and lots of money by just travelling and using social media This young traveller calls himself Kola and has been selling photos in Delhi to earn money to continue his trip in India. ' Support my trip. ' Price up to you.
He confirmed the news in a FB live chat, saying, " he' s coming back to the show" and " he missed the show a lot. " Chandan denied being approached for Sony TV' s new show and said that he was just taking rest during his break and did not take up any shows unlike Sunil Grover, Ali Asgar and Sugandha Mishra. " If I make it a big issue, saying Mujhe zindagi mein tere saath kaam nahi karna then it is not right. We are like family; I have spent half of my life with Kapil. I do not care about what people think as I want to live with my choice, " he told Spotboye.
Kavita, who hails from Haryana, has undergone training to be a professional wrestler under the guidance of former WWE champion ' The Great Khali' at his Punjab based wrestling promotion and training academy. She will be competing with 31 other top female competitors from around the world in the first- ever Mae Young Classic. Now, Kavita will be making history as the first Indian woman ever to appear in WWE.
confidential, personal medical records of private people? Given that Google? s publicly accessible on the internet, leaks such as those created by an Indian pathology lab which uploaded more than 43, 000 patient records in December, including names and HIV blood test results, can be particularly damaging. The last change to the removal policy was made in 2015 with the addition of ? s search results effectively scrubs them from the internet.
Mittal, chairman of telecom major Bharti Airtel, is also a well known face of Indian business. Only then, it would be clear whether there would be disinvestment or some other route would be looked at for reviving the airline, the official added. Amid the government exploring ways to revive the debt- laden airline, Tata group is believed to be interested in purchasing stake in the national carrier. "
30 am, police sources said. They said people tried to catch Pandith who allegedly fired several shots from his pistol, injuring three persons. Srinagar' s Deputy Superintendent of Police ( DSP) Ayyub Pandith was lynched by an irate mob after he allegedly opened fire at a group of people who caught him clicking pictures near a mosque in downtown area of Srinagar. Pandith' s body was taken to police control room for identification and other legal procedures, they said adding the situation in old city has turned tense following the incident. " - With agency inputs
4 per cent, for example. 23 per cent, much lower than the iPhones surface reflection of 4. In addition to exhibiting low reflection, our nature- inspired film is also scratch resistant and self- cleaning, which would protect touch screens from dust and fingerprints, " said Wu, who led the study published in the journal Optica. Many of todays smartphones use a sensor to detect bright ambient light and then boost the screens brightness level enough to overcome the strong surface reflection.
As new full members of the ICC, Ireland and Afghanistan will take the total of countries playing Tests to 12. " Everyone has waited for this news and has been so keen to hear this news. Cricket has a long history in Afghanistan but the country played amongst the sports minnows until gaining one- day international ( ODI) status in 2011. We are delighted and proud with today' s historic announcement.
Sridevi added, " It' s very important to me that young girls understand that the end goal of their life is not to get married and have babies and they have every right to make something of themselves if they wish to. When Sridevi said in an interview that she would be happier to see her elder daughter Jhanvi get married than act, she faced backlash as some people took it to mean that the actor was against her daughter having a career. pic. Directed by Ravi Udyawar, the film also stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Akshaye Khanna, Adnan Siddiqui and Sajal Ali in pivotal roles.
After his dud Aa Gaya Hero, Govinda will be seen in Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif- starrer which is set to hit the screens on July 14. But more than anything, it is Govinda' s look that has left us intrigued. The 53- year- old actor will be seen in a cameo in the much- delayed Jagga Jasoos. Jagga Jasoos also stars Katrina Kaif, Saurabh Shukla and Sayani Gupta.
In Sagar, 50- year- old Gulai Kurmi was found hanging from a tree in his farming field in Basahari village of Bina tehsil in the district yesterday afternoon, the police said. Kurmi left behind a suicide note, which said he was being harassed by a moneylender over a loan of Rs 1 lakh. Farmers were being forced to end their lives due to the anti- farmer policies of the BJP government, the former Union minister said, demanding compensation for the family. Chhatarpur Sub Divisional Magistrate D P Dwivedi said Tiwari did not own any farmland. In Chhatarpur district, 75- year- old Mahesh Tiwari allegedly ended his life by hanging himself from the ceiling of his house.
The Char Dham Yatra was affected today morning following multiple gas cylinder explosions on the Rishikesh- Badrinath NH 58 in Khankra. The truck carrying cylinders of gas company Indane could be seen on the open road bursting into flames as the cylinders exploded.
Pakistan is on the forefront of global fight against terrorism. By K J M Varma Beijing, Jun 22 ( PTI) China today asked the US to respect Pakistans sovereignty and backed its all- weather ally for being on the " forefront" of the fight against terrorism, amid reports that the Trump administration is exploring tough measures against Islamabad for harbouring militant groups. " Peace, stability and economic development in Pakistan serves the interest of regional countries and people, " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told the media here. s visit.
Tubelight is the Bollywood debut film of Chinese actor Zhu Zhu. Recently, there have been rumours that before Zhu Zhu was cast for the role, Deepika Padukone was the director' s first choice for the character. Tubelight, which will also see Shah Rukh Khan in a cameo, is the story of two brothers set against the backdrop of the 1962 Sino- Indian war. In today' s age, you can access actors around the world. the Ek Tha Tiger director added.
In ODIs, Dravid played 344 matches scoring 10889 with 12 hundreds and 83 half- centuries. Dravid aggregated 13288 runs from 164 Tests the help of 36 hundreds at 52. Rahul Dravid, one of the greatest Test batsmen in cricket' s rich history, came out to bat for the first time in international cricket on June 22, 1996. 31. # Dravid was also part of 88 century- plus partnerships involving Sachin Tendulkar ( 20) , VVS Laxman ( 12) , Virender Sehwag ( 10) and Sourav Ganguly Ganguly( 10) 3.
He said at the film' s press conference, " When Kabir ( director Kabir Khan) narrated the subject to me, he said, ' For this role we should get Shah Rukh. ' While the trailer had a blink- and- miss appearance of SRK in the film, it was only a silhouette. ALSO READ | Before Tubelight, Shah Rukh Khan stole the thunder with these 5 cameos Tubelight, directed by Kabir Khan, is set to hit theatres on June 23.
Anil Kapoor recently talked about his relationship with his daughter' s boyfriend in an interview with Pune Mirror. Sonam Kapoor and Anand Ahuja' s relationship has been the talk of the town for a while now. He said, " It is not my place to speak about Anand, that is entirely Sonam' s prerogative and I have not known her to speak about her personal life. However, neither of them has openly admitted to being together.
Jawans killed an armed intruder while another armed intruder was injured. The Border Action Team ( BAT) , which generally comprises special forces of the Pakistan Army and some terrorists, carried out the attack at around 2 pm with the aid of cover fire by the Pakistani troops from their posts. In the firefight two Army jawans have been martyred. In January 2013, Lance Naik Hemraj was killed and his body mutilated by a BAT. Also read:
The banking sector is saddled with NPAs of over Rs 8 lakh crore, of which Rs 6 lakh crore is with public sector banks ( PSBs) . In cases where a viable resolution plan is not agreed upon within six months, banks would be asked to file insolvency proceedings against the defaulters under the IBC, sources added. The 12 identified cases account for 25 per cent or about Rs 2 lakh crore of NPAs. RBI had set up an Internal Advisory Committee ( IAC) for such cases that may be considered for reference for resolution under the IBC, under which the 12 accounts were identified with fund and non- fund based outstanding amount greater than Rs 5, 000 crore as of March 31, 2016.
A Pakistani fellow stepped into the lion' s den after he took an uncalled- for dig at Shah Rukh Khan after Pakistan' s ICC Champions Trophy 2017 victory. SRK who? . com/ aDeGBPBu7cNever Underestimate Papa ð? com/ UgmQLNvrErWhile it was an absurd comparison to make, considering one is an actor and the other a cricketer, both with expertise in completely unrelated fields, most fans just let pictures do the talking. pic. ? com/ qdfjShCXvvSrk who? ' ¤ pic.
While Dangal is breaking record after record in China, Fatima has already started shooting for her next big release Thugs Of Hindostan in Malta. photo credits for all my pictures @ melissajin92A post shared by Fatima Sana Shaikh ( @ fatimasanashaikh) on Jun 21, 2017 at 1: 10pm PDTWe be jumpinA post shared by Fatima Sana Shaikh ( @ fatimasanashaikh) on Jun 21, 2017 at 3: 44am PDTA post shared by Fatima Sana Shaikh ( @ fatimasanashaikh) on Jun 19, 2017 at 10: 21am PDTA post shared by Fatima Sana Shaikh ( @ fatimasanashaikh) on Jun 19, 2017 at 8: 13am PDTA post shared by Fatima Sana Shaikh ( @ fatimasanashaikh) on Jun 19, 2017 at 3: 34am PDT Squinting. .
HOW MANISHA FOUGHT FOR HER RIGHTThough the IDC Technologies maintains that the cab problem was there for only two months, Manisha told India Today that the issue has been dragging for nearly two years. The IT firm told India Today that they did not have cab facilities for their night shift female employees for about two months due to an issue with the cab vendor. 30 pm and continued till 3. 30 pm to 4. 30 am. ALSO READ |
In a rare and exclusive interview to India Today, O Panneerselvam, who is heading the AIADMK ( Puratchi Thalaivi Amma) faction, talked about Tamil Nadu politics and even Rajinikanth. NO LINKS WITH SEKHAR REDDYPanneerselvam said that he has no information on Jayalalithaa' s will but maintained that " Amma never wanted Sasikala family in the party. He is a dynamic Prime Minister, " said OPS, whose camp today pledged support to NDA presidential nominee Ram Nath Kovind. Why should I be dictated by someone" . In Koovathur, only Sasikala camp gave money. .
While successive governments could remove just 1, 301 obsolete laws which came in the way of smooth administration and economic growth in 65 years, the present central government has managed to weed out as many as 1, 200 Acts in just three years. Among the myriad laws in India, there are those that made strange demands. The Rajya Sabha passed four such bills. " 1, 200 redundant Acts have been scrapped. The government had formed a committee headed by R Ramanujam, secretary to the prime minister' s office, to re- examine all Acts recommended to be repealed by the earlier committee on Review of Administrative Laws set up by the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government in 1998. ALSO READ | GST Modi' s tryst with destiny moment?
42 per cent. ' 28 per cent last year. 82 per cent of snatching cases have been solved, compared to 19. Since then, sources say the top cop has kept a tight vigil on crime trends and regularly conducts meetings with the district heads to guide them on how to curb offences and solve cases. Giving credit to foot patrolling and effective investigation by special teams formed in all districts, senior Delhi Police officials said, " In the near future the crime rate will go down and whenever a case will be reported it will be solved. " Not only this: 1, 923 personnel were promoted for functional requirements under the comprehensive scheme. Around 33.
The action against a couple of lower level employees in Gujarat for not recognising the BJP leaders is snowballing into a controversy. The poster has the pictures of 110 senior BJP leaders of the state, including those of party' s national president Amit Shah and Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani. The caption on it says: " Identify the leaders or you will lose your job. " However, within a few hours of the posters coming up, some BJP workers reached the place and tore them off. While the security guard lost his job, contract of the security agency was reportedly also terminated.
Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani received certificate of the record from the Guinness Book officials at Gandhinagar in the afternoon. As per the government release here, 54, 522 people took part in the Yoga Day event at GMDC ground today, beating the earlier record by a margin of over 18, 000. BJP president Amit Shah, Chief Minister Rupani, Deputy CM Nitin Patel, former Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, several political leaders besides IAS, IPS officers and the high court judges took part in the event. While giving instructions to participants during the event, Ramdev invited Shah and Rupani to join him on the dais and follow him in striking yogic postures.
. He said he has been in prison for over 27 years and has lost any purpose in life. " I can understand the intention of the government and as none of my family member have come to see me, I do not find anymore purpose in life, " Pious said in his letter. The Supreme Court has already dismissed the pleas of the Tamil Nadu government and one convict seeking review of its judgement in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case in which was ruled that the Centre has " primacy" over states' right to grant remission. Perarivalan had even attempted to define his request for release based on Sanjay Dutt' s release from prison in the Arms Act case.
Also read: Trump seen hardening line against Pakistan after Afghan war review Send troops to Pakistan: Chinese internet users vent anger over killings But it is not so. Earlier this year, when Pakistan had closed its border with Afghanistan citing terrorists' infiltration, Afghanistan' s former president Hamid Karzai had hit back using strong words, " The Government of Pakistan had no legal authority to dictate terms on the Durand line. " Federally Administered Tribal Areas or FATA is Pakistan' s north- western province that borders with Afghanistan. .
attack London, Jun 21 ( PTI) A 37- year- old man, believed to be the son of the co- owner of a company whose vehicle was used in the London mosque attack, has been arrested over an offensive social media post in which he said " its a shame they dont hire out tanks" . . t like what my answer would be.
Salman is a huge admirer of Khiladi Kumar and said that he works more than any of the Khans in Bollywood, and therefore, he truly deserves the tag of a superstar. " So you do the math. " Akshay is known to do 3- 4 films a year, while Salman mostly sticks to 1- 2 films. When we were paid so little per film, we did more films.
. The 44- year- old actor insists that it should be left to the audience to form an opinion about Gawli after watching the biopic, directed by Ashim Ahluwalia of " Miss Lovely" fame. " It is not siding with anybody, it is not about glamourising someone but showing the realism of that world and bringing it out to people. " You dont know what film is what.
Its magical. Bipasha took to Instagram to share a few pictures performing different asanas with hubby Karan and wrote, " Yoga is like Life - It' s a beautiful balance of Holding On and Letting Go. ? # loveyourself # yogimonkey # internationalyogadayA post shared by bipashabasusinghgrover ( @ bipashabasu) on Jun 20, 2017 at 10: 02pm PDTLearning everything from you @ iamksgofficial is amazing. Exhale Hate!
Cutaways, however, show the boy coming across videos tutoring youth on how to make bombs. However, keeping the complexity in mind the Maharashtra ATS has initiated a policy under which parents are requested to come forward and inform them if they see any changes in the behaviour of their children and if they find them suddenly spending a lot of time on the internet. Over the last few years, the Maharashtra ATS has dealt with a lot of cases where youngsters have been radicalised online and brought into the Islamic State fold. Identity of youths who have been deradicalised is kept confidential.
There will be protests against it and also against Big B as he is the brand ambassador. . The GST Council, that brings together the central and state governments, has met 17 times to thrash out how the tax will work. Ace badminton star PV Sindhu was previously the GST brand ambassador. ALSO READ:
It is an eight- year process. That will give you 10 years to improve the infrastructure and you will have a decision ( to make) in the next four to six years. " We should stick to what we know best - technical conduct of the Games. Dismissing concerns about whether India can afford to stage such huge sporting spectacles, Ramachandran said the country was one of the few in the region that did have the means. India' s Olympic Association has asked the government for permission to bid for the 2032 Olympics and 2030 Asian Games as part of a drive to put the country at the heart of the international sporting community, IOA president N. Ramachandran has told Reuters. Nobody said anything, " he added. "
Karnan was sentenced to six months in jail by the Supreme Court, which ordered his arrest after finding him in contempt for defaming the judiciary. Sorry, nevertheless, " Justice Chandrachud said, declining the bail plea, according to news agency IANS. Â  ALSO READ | Why Jethmalani told Justice Karnan I am convinced you have lost your mind
However, they allowed ambulances and students to pass through. In Madhya Pradesh, farmers under the banner of Bharatiya Kisan Mazdoor Sangh headed by Shivkumar Sharma demonstrated their protest by performing the ' shavasana' , since their demands for loan waiver and better prices for the agriculture produce are still not met. In Barabanki, Uttar Pradesh, hundreds of farmers belonging to BKU laid on the highway performing ' shavasan' , bringing the traffic on NH- 28 to a standstill. He lamented that, " The central government has failed to live up to its promises and the farmers are left to fend for themselves. 00 noon.
If the fuel in your bike or car gets over too soon, it may not be due to the vehicles poor mileage. A total of eleven petrol pumps have been sealed following arrests of several people involved in the racket including petrol pump owners and employees and engineers who developed the electronic chip.
We have a consensus among the BRICS countries that all ( forms of) terrorism must be condemned and various measures must be taken to cooperate so that terrorism does not spread and harm any one of our countries" , he added. Wang was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua news agency that " China and India are both major countries with great influence, and that they should boost cooperation in the BRICS, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization ( SCO) and all other multilateral frameworks to make contribution to peace and stability in the region and the world at large. " INDIA WANTS BRICS GROUP TO PUT OUT STRONG STATEMENT ON TERRORIndia will want the BRICS grouping to put out a strong statement on terrorism as it holds a summit in Xiamen, southern China, in September which PM Narendra Modi will attend. The BRICS agenda has witnessed steady expansion, " Gen Singh said. " On Sunday, both countries looked to bring recently strained relations back on track as Gen Singh held talks with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had been scheduled to attend Monday' s first ever standalone BRICS foreign ministers' meeting.
However, the Trinamool Congress decided not to take part in the meet. The meeting, which was held at the Darjeeling gymkhana club was attended by fourteen political parties and social organisations, including all major hill based Gorkha parties and the BJP. The meeting unanimously decided the formation of an All India Coordination Committee for Gorkhaland, a body that will have representation of all political parties supporting the movement in order to carry the agitation forward. Also Read: Darjeeling unrest: As shutdown continues, schools forced to declare early vacation, cancel exams Darjeeling GJM unrest: Uneasy calm as Mamata Banerjee calls for peace before heading abroad
India slumped to a crushing 180- run defeat at the hands of their arch- rivals Pakistan at the Kennington Oval on Sunday, with an estimated viewing audience in hundreds of millions. Whether that gets changed, the consideration has been given to changing to two T20s in a four- year cycle which would mean swapping the Champions Trophy for a World T20, " he added. Richardson believes that World T20s attract a lot more attention than ODI tournaments and also generate significant revenue for the television companies.
Additional Director General ( ADG) Indore Ajay Sharma told India Today that a resident of village Mohad in Burhanpur district filed a complaint with the Shahpur police station that some youngsters were celebrating the victory of Pakistan and were also raising pro- Pakistan slogans. The complainant said that crackers were being burst close to homes of people belonging to the majority community. Police believed that the tempers were particularly running high as the outcome of the match was unfavourable for the Indian cricket team. Also read: Many Indians thank team India for losing Champions Trophy to Pakistan
Is there a place for only one of them? " Time has come for India to take decisions with focus on the 2019 World Cup and that includes a call on the role of MS Dhoni and Yuvraj Singh in the current team, feels former captain Rahul Dravid. " Do you want to look at the available talent and see what they have to offer before going back to these two players, " he elaborated further. And no one will complain about that, " he said.
Dhoni scored four runs before he was dismissed by Hasan Ali. But on the day that really mattered, Fakhar Zaman' s maiden ODI hundred and Mohammed Amir' s stellar bowling performance made sure the Men in Blue could not retain the Champions Trophy. India had already beaten Pakistan once in the tournament.
20 crIncome Tax department has summoned Lalu' s daughter Misa Bharti in the first week of July to come and give their submissions against the benami property transaction proceedings. twitter. Ltd. I- T Department has served notices of attachment of assets to Misa Bharti and her husband Shailesh Kumar, his wife and former Bihar Chief Minister Rabri Devi, Tejashwi Yadav and daughters Chanda and Ragini Yadav. 40 cr2. 1. 6 crMarket Value: Rs. Beneficiary: Rabri Devi, Tejaswi YadavBook Value: Rs.
Experts claim that in an India- Pakistan match, patriotism plays a key role for bettors. " History was unequivocally on India' s side. Our feeds before the match started were in favour of India as the rate was 1. NO BETS ON HOCKEY MATCHBookies told Mail Today that huge sums of money were riding on Team India- not just within the country but also gambling hubs abroad such as in the Gulf nations- as this was one of the most- anticipated sporting events in months. in, a gaming laws' web portal. It is certain that most of the Indian punters burnt their fingers in the match. 20.
We spend a lot of time together. Our routine is always centered around each other. But her happiness matters more, and if she does well as an actress, I will be a proud mother. " In an interview with Mid- Day, Sridevi opened up about her daughters, Jhanvi and Khushi, and how they make her feel proud as a mother. For me, they will always be kids.
He should be asked to resign. ' The Karnataka Assembly came under fire over a video in which the state' s Forest Minister Ramanath Rai is seen ordering the Dakshina Kannada Superintendent of Police ( SP) Bhushan Gulabrao Borase to arrest Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat of the RSS. Rai claimed that members of the sangh parivar were allegedly involved in the murder of a gram panchayat member and his move was to ask the police to arrest the man in question. " As the issue rocked the Assembly, the speaker intervened and assured that the state home minister will take stock of the situation. The protesters were arrested but later released.
s great, but it? s jobs. ? I think if we were best friends it would be messier because we? Look, this isn? . t necessarily mean it? It? There was so much lost sleep in the early days and it took a toll on our healthI think the ability to make things is super important. Sign up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more advice, insight and best practice direct to your inbox.
I love everyone but we have to know the background, the person and then only can we support the candidature, " she said while justifying her position. Candidate should be someone who will be beneficial for the country, " Mamata said on her way to Netherlands for a three- day official trip, adding that she will attend the meeting of opposition political parties on June 22 after which any decision could be announced. " West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday expressed her surprise at the BJP' s decision to announce Bihar Governor Ram Nath Kovind' s name as the NDA presidential candidate. Mamata Banerjee in on her way to Holland to receive the prestigious UN Public Service award on UN Public Service Day on June 23.
Hence, an advisory has been issued on June 12 to alert security agencies such as Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) , other para military forces and the intelligence wing of Delhi Police to be on their toes, " said a senior official of Delhi police. We have received inputs on June 10 that militants could target such places in large scale.
WHAT HAPPENED? 45 pm on Monday. According to the woman' s statement, she was abducted by three men in a Swift car from near her home in Sohna, Gurgaon at 8. DRUNK MEN? The Swift car in which the alleged gangrape occurred is not believed to have passed through the area in which PCR van was stationed. Some beer bottles were also found from the spot which indicates that the accused persons were inebriated at the time, " a senior Greater Noida police officer told news agency PTI. ANOTHER GURGAON HORRORMonday night' s incident comes a day after a seven- year- old girl was raped, allegedly by a 20- year- old auto driver in Gurgaon.
10 am on July 1. . The GST Council has categorically decided to implement GST on July 1, " the Finance Minister had said. To mark roll out of Goods and Services Tax ( GST) , the Modi government has convened a special midnight session of Parliament on June 30. Now, trade and industry have to prepare themselves. In other words, the GST will put all taxes levied by state and Central government in one basket and merge them into a single- tax system, thus doing away with multiple taxation and promoting the concept of a common market for all.
The former Pakistan wicketkeeper' s choice of vocabulary had left much to be desired and his verbal onslaught left observers stunned. Sometimes the banter tends to get a little overboard as emotions run high. However, Pakistan came back strongly from their dismal start to first storm into the final and then defeating India, the pre- tournament favourites. " .
Pakistan' s victory at The Oval triggered massive celebrations in and around the ground with fans dancing on the streets of London till the wee hours of the night. Fans who were supporting Sarfraz Ahmed' s team inside the stadium stayed there till the presentation ceremony and it was during this period that a particular Pakistani fan started to sledge the Indian players just as they were returning to their dressing room. He could then be heard saying, " baap kaun hai? "
. The incident has been handled. No issue remains. Shivraj Meena, Superintendent of Police, Pratapgarh, said, " As per the post mortem report, Zafar Khan' s death was due to heart attack, and there is no such injury mark on Zafar' s body which proves that he was murdered. Another eyewitness, Jaitun, said, " First, two men got hold of him and then someone started beating him up, he was hit with stones too. We started shouting.
s shelves. policies, said the case had turned into a battle of sales strategies. s best- selling Choco spread was better for the planet and for consumer health because it contained no palm oil. ? Choco? . Delhaize has been ordered not to repeat any claims about its Choco spread being better for the planet or your health, on pain of a ? potential health concerns? t make it?
Recently, SRK and Ranbir came together for Imtiaz Ali' s birthday bash where the Raees actor gave him the promised cash reward of Rs 5000 for coming up with the film' s title. ! Hisaab barabar. ? part in JHMS please.
On the other hand, youths in Kashmir burst into rapture at Pakistan' s victory in the one- sided cricket final of the ICC Champions Trophy. Holy city of Haridwar in Uttarakhand too saw residents uneasy and breaking their TVs amidst angry chants against Indian cricketers. While some broke television sets and burned posters of Indian players, many got down on the roads to chant angry slogans against the team. Some exuberant youths threw firecrackers inside a CRPF camp and the local police station.
India' s Jinder Mahal defeated Randy Orton to retain his WWE championship at Smackdown' s exclusive pay- per- view Money in the Bank at St. Louis on Sunday. Orton, who was distracted by the Singh Brothers went on a rampage outside the ring as he hit them off with RKO' s and made sure there is no more distraction coming his way. I' m a dangerous dangerous competitor and he turned his back on me and that is exactly why he lost and why I am the champion, " he said. I would expect better from him. .
Dhaka, Jun 19 ( PTI) A 25- year- old Bangladeshi fan of Indian cricket committed suicide by jumping in front of a train after India lost to Pakistan in the Champions Trophy.
Uneasy calm prevailed on Sunday after GJM activists were allegedly shot dead by security forces in clashes on Saturday. The Darjeeling bandh, which was sparked over the West Bengal government' s purported decision to make Bengali compulsory in state schools, completed a week today. ALSO READ | Darjeeling hills burn over Gorkhaland: Why Bimal Gurung must recall 2009 Supreme Court guidelines
The CBI reached there as per time given by Satyendra Jain' s wife for certain clarifications in ongoing investigation in money laundering case. Calling the CBI' s claims " imaginary" , Bhardwaj added, " BJP ( is) benefiting from this. We have asked them to present the two, but they have not done it so far. . " 63 crore while being a public servant during 2015- 16 through Prayas Info Solutions private limited, Akinchand developers private limited and Managalyatan projects private limited.
ALSO READ | Crackdown on Yasin Malik, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq ahead of separatists' meet That unusual proposal came in response to a gleeful message the separatist leader tweeted after Sarfraz Ahmed' s team thrashed Virat Kohli' s Men in Blue to win the Chmapions Trophy final. " , Eid celebs there. Madam Sushma Swaraj, please rescue them. "
Indian people' s morale had hit rock- bottom. " Nihalani said: " I saw Madhur' s trailer, and I want to congratulate him for blowing the lid off one of the most shameful chapters of Indian politics. Nihalani said: " Indu Sarkar does not name anyone. " I did not hear anyone' s name mentioned in the trailer.
The candidate can also deposit the cash at the Reserve Bank of India, enclosing the receipt with the nomination papers. New Delhi, Jun 18 ( PTI) Despite the Centres push for digital payments post demonetisation, candidates who wish to be president have to pay Rs 15, 000 in cash. Seven of them were disqualified because of lack of proper documents.
Anupam Kher' s look as former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for The Accidental Prime Minister may have grabbed attention and sparked discussions, but the veteran actor says it is too early for him to comment on the film as they are yet to even lock the script. My contract has it that I will finalise the screenplay. as in, I have to be happy, otherwise to talk about that film at this stage is too early. . The American film has been set for release in India on June 30.
The reverberations of the Darjeeling unrest are being felt in the National Capital too with Gorkhas today protesting against Mamata Banerjee and the West Bengal government at Jantar Mantar. In Darjeeling, the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha' s ( GJM) indefinite strike entered its eighth day today. ALSO READ: Darjeeling unrest: Army deployed, Mamata Banerjee apprises Rajnath Singh of situation
Sarma, the companys Chief Technology Officer, is a gold medalist from IIT and has worked at Google Research and Yahoo Research. Dalvi, Trooly? Trooly said on its website that it uses public and permissible digital footprints to understand and predict the trustworthiness of individuals and businesses. supporting Airbnb?
By Abhishek Anshu New Delhi, Jun 18 ( PTI) Unsuccessful love stories have found a very vivid description in a Supreme Court observation wherein it has said that women sacrificing their relationship to accept parents decision is a common phenomenon in India. When she was madly in love with the appellant ( man) and wanted to marry him, there is a possibility that after receiving such kind of shabbily treatment at the hands of her parents, in anguish she may have decided to revolt and, therefore, proposed to the appellant that they should get married for which they chose a secluded place, " the bench noted in its order. The mans version of the incident was held as " plausible" by the apex court which noted that as per his statement, the woman was physically abused by her family and was mercilessly beaten even on the day of incident in November 1995. " When he returned, he found the woman hanging after which she was rushed to a hospital but she eventually died.
In this scenario, posters supporting Lal Krishna Advani for the post of the president have come up at some prominent locations in Delhi. The political corridors these days are abuzz with speculations over who is going to be the country' s next president. Senior BJP leader L K Advani' s name has been doing the rounds as a probable BJP candidate for the Presidential election. ALSO READ: Presidential poll: How a joint Opposition candidate may trump Modi- Shah combination
It has been decided to revise rate of ex- gratia lump sum compensation from Rs 9 lakh to Rs 20 lakh with effect from January 1, 2016 for 100 per cent disability to CAPF and Assam Rifles on the basis of recommendations of the 7th Pay Commission, " it stated. About 10 lakh personnel in eight forces come under the home ministry. For cases with less than 100 per cent disability, the amount of ex- gratia compensation may be reduced in proportion to the degree of disability.
After 9 years, Suriya has won the Critics Best Actor Award for his stellar performance in 24. Now, the nominations' list for 64th Filmfare Awards has been announced. Best Film - Joker Best Director Sudha K prasad ( Irudhi Suttru) Best Actor ( Male) - Madhavan ( Irudhi Suttru) Best Actor ( Female) - Ritika Singh ( Irudhi Suttru) Best Supporting Actor ( Male) - Samuthirakani ( Visaaranai) Best Supporting Actor ( Female) - Sai Dhanshika ( Kabali) Best Music Director- AR Rahman ( Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada) Best Lyrics - Thamarai Thalli Pogathey ( Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada) Best Playback Singer - Male Sundarayyar Jasmine ( Joker) Best Playback Singer - Female Shweta Mohan, Maaya Nadhi ( Kabali) Best Choreography- Sekhar, VJ ( Janatha Garage) Best Cinematography - Thiru and PS Vinod ( 24, Oopiri) Lifetime Achievement Award - Dr. Vijaya Nirmala Critics Best Actor ( Male) - Suriya ( 24) , Allu Arjun ( Sarrinodu) , Dulquer Salmaan ( Kali & Kammattipadam) , Rakshit Shetty ( Kirk Party) Critics Best Actor ( Female) - Trisha ( Kodi) , Ritu Varma ( Pelli Choopulu) , Sruthi Hariharan ( Godhi Banna Sadharana Mykattu) Best Debut ( Male) - Shirish ( Metro) Best Debut ( Female) - Manjima Mohan ( Achcham Yenbadhu Madamaiyada)
On the ongoing trend of popular songs from the 90s being recreated, be it AR Rahmans " Hamma Hamma" or dance number " Tamma Tamma" , the 40- year- old singer says he is in favour of it. " I believe if an actor is the right fit for a particular song then by all means he or she should be given the song. I am all for it. .
Qayyum walked free after Judge G A Sanap of special TADA court said that the prosecution has been unable to prove any of the charges against him. There are many innocent people like me inside the jail. They should be released, " said Qayyum after he was released.
New Delhi, Jun 17 ( PTI) Two men have been arrested and a juvenile apprehended for allegedly killing an 18- year- old boy after he refused to lend his scooter to one of the accused in northeast Delhis Nand Nagri area, police said today. Gulfam was shifted to a hospital where he was declared brought dead, Devender Arya, additional deputy commissioner of police ( Northeast) . Karan and Sunny were arrested yesterday and later the juvenile was also apprehended.
Various pro- Hindu and patriotic organisations all over India and abroad are striving to establish Hindu Rashtra. The 6th All India Hindu Convention, which was organised to unite and channelise the efforts of these organisations, concluded successfully, " he told a press conference. Over 342 delegates representing 132 right- wing organisations from across India, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka attended the four- day convention at Ramnathi in Ponda.
Additional Director of the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau ( WCCB) , Tilottama Verma, informed, " Previously, we had found 210 hatha jodis in Brahmeswarpatna area of Odisha on May 30. Three traders - Sumit Sharma, Sachin Sharma and Feroze Ali - were nabbed from Indore with 10 pieces of the contraband. This is often used to confuse customers with the popular Ayurvedic plant " hath jod" , which serves to mend bone fractures. Their habitat is distributed across the middle Himalayas to Western Ghats. " We have long known monitor lizards to be killed sporadically for their meat, fat and oil, consumed in mostly some tribal areas. Also read: Sexual desire stimulant herb racket busted in Mumbai, 33, 000 kg of grass seized
He' s on a 3- day tour of Mumbai ahead of the Presidential polls. BIGGEST ACHIEVEMENT THE CREATION OF A TRANSPARENT GOVERNMENT' The BJP chief listed some of the achievements of the Modi government, saying that One Rank One Pension ( OROP) was implemented within a year, and that last September' s surgical strikes demonstrated India' s strength to fight back. However, it tweaked its stand a little, proposing eminent agriculture scientist MS Swaminathan' s name - if someone objected to Bhagwat' s candidature. ' ( With inputs from ANI) ALSO READ | Presidential election 2017: Amit Shah begins three- day Mumbai tour, to meet Uddhav ThackerayALSO READ | PM Modi flags off Kerala' s first metro in Kochi
. s Green Revolution, as its presidential choice. When asked about Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis remark that the BJP was prepared for snap assembly election, in an apparent reference to continued strain in ties with the Shiv Sena, Shah said, " What he meant was that if mid- term polls are forced on us, we are ready to fight. " Once the names have been suggested, we will finalise our name for the post of president, " he said. " It had backed Congress nominees - - Pratibha Patil and Pranab Mukherjee - - in the last two presidential elections. Maharashtras agriculture growth rate was in negative ( minus 8 per cent) a few years back.
. think about the moment you are put in your grave, " he had written on his Facebook wall. . " Nicknamed Dabang ( daring) by his friends and a " one man army" , Dar had wished earnestly for the situation in the Kashmir Valley to return to normal. FACEBOOK POST" Oh God! Bus itna yaad rahe, ek saathi aur bhi tha.
have been attacked. he asked. Farmers have been " betrayed" by the Modi government, and Indians have to stand and fight with them, Kejriwal said. . ( debt) .
terror By Lalit K Jha Washington, Jun 17 ( PTI) Two top lawmakers have accused Pakistan of supporting terrorism and urged the Trump administration to cut military aid to the country, saying the US should make it more difficult for Islamabad to get its hands on American weapons. . I understand all that. We need to go on the record here, on this part of our government, to say that were not going to be providing weapons to countries like Pakistan that were afraid will shoot down our own people and afraid we know theyre engaged in terrorism, " Rohrabacher said during a House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non- proliferation and Trade hearing on Foreign Military Sales. " he asked. "
It is probable that metalworking emerged in Argentina at the same time that it was developing in Peru, the researchers wrote in the study published in the journal Antiquity. There were about 14 bodies in the burial area, with the bones all mixed together and the mask placed on top of one corner of the pile. was found in a tomb near a village in northwestern Argentina.
Raisen ( MP) , June 16 ( PTI) A local government body in Raisen district of Madhya Pradesh today imposed a fine of about Rs 4 lakh in total on 13 families for open defecation.
AAP' s newly- appointed national treasurer Deepak Bajpai also took on Vishwas on Thursday after the latter accused party leaders of squandering funds by staying in five- star hotels and farmhouses during Punjab and Goa elections. While Vishwas is known to be usually staying in five- star hotels during his tours, his aides have defended him saying that he does not use party funds for his stay. Also read | Look who is talking: AAP ranks miffed with Kumar Vishwas over his ' don' t stay in 5- star' comment Also read | CBI team at Manish Sisodia' s house to probe Kejriwal' s Talk to AK campaign
Switzerland on Friday ratified automatic exchange of financial account information with India and 40 other jurisdictions to facilitate immediate sharing of details about suspected black money, even as it sought strict adherence to confidentiality and data security. Adopting the dispatch on introduction of the AEOI, a global convention for automatic information exchange on tax matters, the Swiss Federal Council said the implementation is planned for 2018 and the first set of data should be exchanged in 2019. In the process, it will be checked whether the states and territories concerned effectively meet the requirements under the standard, especially those concerning confidentiality and data security. " This year, Switzerland has introduced the AEOI with 38 states and territories, including all EU member states, and data will start to be exchanged with them in 2018, " it added.
As soon as the call was cut, the police and crime branch officials launched a search operation to nab the caller and the suspected terrorist. The caller also shared the phone number and address of the alleged bomber Manoj, mentioning that he hails from Uttar Pradesh and is a multiple felon. Within few hours, the police identified the caller Aditya Nagar alias Abhimanyu, a 27- year- old resident of Jawahar Nagar.
The statement says Mahmood Shah, the chief of Lashkar- e- Taiba, paid respects to Mattoo, and other militants who were killed in gunfights with security forces. No power on earth can be proven as fatal to the Mujahideen, the support of our brothers and sisters and the divine help of Allah SWT is what keeps us standing firm in our ranks against a brutal enemy. Beware that the fire started by themselves shall soon reach the bricks and stones of India. Ramadan, the month of blessings, has entered into its final stages, the last Ashra. I request everyone to avail from these days and do their best in their Ibadah, their prayers and their Duas to win the mercy from Allah SWT. - Dr. Abdullah Ghaznavi
. Stars Salman Khan. pic. 22 Dec 2017 release. com/ 6CiN4rlGSB If a report in Indian Express is to be believed, Katrina is being trained by the action and stunt director of Hollywood film Dark Knight Rises.
This inhuman act will be punished and punished suitably. The attack comes in the wake of an encounter with security forces in Anantnag district in which LeT commander Junaid Mattoo and his accomplice Muzamil were killed. Defence Minister Arun Jaitley also reviewed security situation in the Valley. The other martyred include a driver and four other policemen who were on a routine round in their jeep. The bloodshed will not take us anywhere, it is only the murder of humanity, " the DGP told reporters here. We will take necessary measures.
Amid an ongoing tussle with Lt Governor Kiran Bedi, the Puducherry Assembly today passed a resolution against her.
twitter. com/ JKY5X7NL54In the letter, Arunabh Kumar said that he took the decision to step down in the wake of the personal attacks that followed the news of him being accused of sexual harassment and what that did to TVF' s brand image. TVF was, is, and always will be larger than any one individual and I believe we have only just started on our path breaking journey to be a young global organization. It was and remains my dream to make content creation, which is always seen as an individual driven business, into a more organized profession, one that Indian youth can aspire for and where hundreds of storytellers could be successful. TVF is nothing without you! Thank you, Arunabh Kumar" WHAT HAPPENED MONTHS AGO?
Top Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) commander Junaid Mattoo and his accomplice Muzamil are said to have been killed in an encounter with security forces in in Arwani village of Bijbihara in Anantnag District of south Kashmir. One militant has been apprehended by the security forces. He was put in the list of 12 most wanted militants in the Valley right now by the Army. Also read: Kashmir: Youth killed as security forces opened fire during stone pelting Kashmir: Policeman shot dead by militants in Kulgam Constable Shabir Ahmad was shot outside his residence at Bogund in Kulgam.
After months of speculation, she has bagged her first big screen project opposite Sushant Singh Rajput. And there is no guarantee that despite doing your best, you will succeed. I remember years ago we would gone for a stage show abroad and while I was on the stage with Salman and other actors, Sara was standing behind the stage curtain and looking at us. However, the actor said that he was not involved in selecting Sara' s first Bollywood project. " I knew then that she wanted this for herself.
This company was used as a special purpose vehicle to route the funds of Ms KFA as no other transaction from any other company has been noticed in this, " it said. " Thus, the acts of Mallya, Ms UBHL and others, establish that a criminal conspiracy was hatched for obtaining or sanctioning of bank loan to KFA in gross violations of established procedures and the airline had no intention for repayment of loan of Rs 900 crore since beginning. " The agency identified the alleged shell firms as Ms PE Data Centre Resources Private Limited, Ms Pharma Trading Limited, Ms Kingfisher Finvest Limited, Devi Investment Private Limited, Ms Mallya Investment Private Limited, Ms Explicit Consultancy Private Limited, Ms Ambitious Computech Private Limited and Vilora Consultancy Private Limited among others. Directors are dummy directors acting on behalf of Mallya. " An amount of Rs 63. .
3 billion people. The pendency in district and subordinate courts is at 2. Ministry sources said to give an impetus to the goal, a nodal officer has been appointed in each department to keep a track of disputes in which the department is involved, avoid filing appeals except in cases that involve a substantial policy matter, and withdrawal of vexatious litigation. 74 crore. Approximately 46 per cent of the total pending cases in courts pertains to the government. Several recent chief justices had been asking the Centre to take immediate steps to ensure that only minimal litigation between government departments and PSUs reach the court.
4 crore. Custom officials recently busted separate gangs of smugglers who were illegally transporting gold concealed in microwave ovens, toys, wafers and confectionery boxes. GOLD HIDDEN IN METAL BAR OF TROLLEY" The gold foil was so thin and was concealed in such a way that it was difficult to detect it in the X- ray scanning machines, " said a senior custom officer, adding that a 50- year- old passenger from Dubai was arrested. Officials claim two of the smugglers were arrested for illegal transport at the airport. Customs officials seized about 240 kg of the yellow metal in 2016- 17 fiscal, 190 kg less than the seizure effected in 2015- 16.
I heard some people hurled eggs. I am a non- vegetarian. The singer- turned- politician said that he is not scared of anyone in the state, as he belongs to West Bengal where the " political situation is worse" . " These were the words of Minister of State for Heavy Industries Babul Supriyo after he was asked to respond to the incident of eggs being thrown at Union Minister Jual Oram on the latter' s visit to Odisha' s Kendrapara.
Los Angeles, Jun 15 ( PTI) Human colonies on Mars could be built within our lifetime, according to SpaceX CEO Elon Musk who has outlined his vision for a self- sustaining city on the red planet in a new study. He provided a comprehensive review of a system architecture required for a rocket and spaceship capable of transporting people and supplies to Mars, comparing possible vehicle designs and performance features. There really is a way that anyone could go if they wanted to, " said Musk, founder of the US- based space transport services company.
But, this summer has been different. Having to don a gown and a coat and on top of that a stiff collar, the usual uniform, was practically becoming impossible. Things came to such a pass that the Bar Association was planning to boycott four courts including that of the acting chief justice for allegedly making snide remarks. She told us, " said Association General Secretary Suranjan Dasgupta.
I appeal to the Government of India that those people, who consider eating meat of their own mother as a status symbol, should be hanged, " Saraswati had said. " Hitting out at some political parties for their demand to ban outfits calling for the creation of the " Hindu rashtra" , she said that they should realise that no power in the country could prevent Hindus from establishing the " Hindu Nation" . CONGRESS SLAMS GOA GOVT' s SILENCE OVER ISSUEReacting to the speeches made at the meet, All India Congress Committee secretary Girish Chodankar questioned why the Manohar Parrikar- led state government was silent over the issue. " Chodankar asked. Also read | Supreme Court notice to Centre on plea challenging cattle slaughter ban
New Delhi, the capital has lived up to its fearful reputation of disappearing kids with over 1, 500 children - - mostly between 6 and 15 - - reported missing in the first five months of this year, according to police figures. Under the ' Pehchaan' initiative, children belonging to poor families residing in JJ clusters and resettlement colonies are being registered and photographed from time to time with the district police " so that they can be traced if they happen to go missing in future" , Bhagat said. He said there was a possibility of the involvement of " some inter- state human trafficking gangs" who usually prowl the slum areas and abduct kids of " deprived and migrants families" for cheap labour. Also Read: Delhi' s missing children: 12- 15 kids disappear every day, 4 out of 10 never returnFree education upto class 12 for children of HIV positive patientsMissing children to be traced by face soonAlso Watch: They are mostly aged 12- 17 and such children leave their houses of their own volition.
30pm to 3. 30pm to 4. 30am. However, in Bengaluru where the incident took place, it looks some companies are still trying to save money by not providing their women employees who work in the night shift with cab pick- up and drop facilities. The third incident was by a passerby. " She received no help from the tech company since the Vice President had clearly told them all that the company is only responsible for them while they are working and not when they log out.
6 billion. And she wins personally. " CONTEXT MEDIA FOUND IN 2008He attended North- western University as a transfer student, where he met a woman named Shradha Agarwal, now Outcome' s president. Their windfall came with a USD 600 million infusion of venture capital into Outcome Health, the Chicago health care tech company they founded in 2006. Originally working on a campus magazine, they eventually found a company called Context Media, out of North- western in 2008, funding it by taking loans that have over the years reached a combined USD 325 million instead of giving up equity. WHAT THE COMPANY DOES TODAYToday, Outcome Health helps both patients and doctors by providing touch screen monitors to hospitals and health care offices around the country.
He reads the newspaper every morning and performs yoga daily. " Shailendra was here at RML for four months, " said Dr RP Beniwal, senior psychiatrist at the hospital. " But he forgot a crucial fact from his own life: that he had gobbled up two metal plates, six needles, several blades and tubelights a few years ago. I was aware that these things could damage my intestines, but see, nothing has happened to me. FAMILY UNAWARE Usha said her brother is very active. However, doctors have discharged him now, recommending weekly checkups. "
Currently, price of CNG is revised monthly. Petroleum companies had last month decided that petrol and diesel prices would be revised on a daily basis in select towns in sync with international rates similar to what happens in most advanced markets. With daily changes, which are unlikely to be more than a few paise per litre, the political pressures for not revising rates particularly when they are to be hiked will go, people in know of the matter said. ALSO READ:
A reception held by the SCO at its Beijing headquarters highlighting the entry of India and Pakistan turned out to be an embarrassment for the organisers as India' s Red Fort with the tricolour was shown as Lahore' s Shalimar Garden in a Pakistani tableau. ALSO READ: SCO' s connectivity projects must not impinge on its members' sovereignty, says India' s envoy Vijay GokhaleAfter SCO entry, host Pakistan hopes India will end boycott of SAARC summit Today the SCO headquarters will raise the flags of India and Pakistan and Gokhale and Khalid will beat a drum, heralding the entry of their countries into the organisation. The group is now comprised of China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, India and Pakistan.
The decision has come a couple of weeks before Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s visit to the US where he would be meeting American President Donald Trump. On the need for keeping the deal alive, Defence Ministry sources said, that the American firm would extend the validity of its price bid and also reduce the price of the choppers which was higher than the benchmark set by the government. DEAL STUCK OVER PRICEThe deal had been in the making since 2009 when the navy initiated the process for buying 16 multirole choppers for being deployed on its warships. Other issues like liability clause were also responsible for holding up the deal for some time, sources said.
5 per cent, provided a student has secured a 90 per cent in Maths for pursuing an Eco. 75 for commerce, 97 for science and 96 for arts. Presenting a cut- off list merrier than last year' s bar, the college released its highest cut- off for English and Economics at 98. 5 for science students.
Earlier, Padmarajan has contested against political bigwigs like J. Jayalalithaa, M. Karunanidhi, A. K. Anthony, P. V. Narasimha Rao, K. R. Narayanan, S. M. Krishna, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ( in Rajya Sabha polls) and President Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election. Lok Sabha Secretary General Anoop Mishra, the Returning Officer for the election, issued the notification that the nomination papers may be delivered by a candidate or any of their proposers/ seconders not later than June 28. Who will be India' s next President? Election Commission begins process
The canine will undergo surgery to heal the broken bone soon. A man tossed his pet puppy off his first- floor balcony in Gurgaon' s Sector 42 in an act of revenge after she dropped his laptop while playing with it and chewed up the DTH wires on Tuesday night. The couple, Dora Shlem and Phillip Maxwell, reached the spot too, and when I enquired from Maxwell, he denied doing anything but immediately fled in his car. Also, Section 429 of the Indian Penal Code, which regards killing and maiming of an animal, gives a maximum punishment of five years that has so far not been given to anyone. Puppies are just like human babies.
It was addressed to the Aam Aadmi Party' s national secretary Pankaj Kumar Gupta. The Delhi government' s PWD department has served a notice on the political group to pay Rs 27 lakh as fine for having failed to vacate its Rouse Avenue office within the stipulated time. In a note written to the Government which has challenged LG order Baijal has written that it is a clear case of conflict of interest as Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal is also the convenor of Aam Aadmi Party and hence action can be taken on that front as well. The bungalow was allocated through a state cabinet decision of the Aam Aadmi Party last year.
53 lakh instances, according to a latest government report. However, the amount of fake currency detected has not been specified. The private Indian banks contribute majority of CCRs. The data for 2010- 11 to 2014- 15 shows that the major chunk of these reports, at over 90 per cent, were filed by private Indian banks and a majority of them pertain to usage of fake Indian currency notes ( FICN) and not any other valuable security as defined under the CCR terminology. " By Neelabh Srivastava New Delhi, Jun 14 ( PTI) Counterfeit currency detection instances in the countrys banking channels have seen an all time increase in the last eight years at over 3.
INDECENT PROPOSALCharan arrested a man in possession of 1kg opium last week. After verifying the facts, ACB sleuths laid a trap to nab Kamaldan Charan red handed. Charan told the woman that he will come at her house in night to ' enjoy' and spend some time with her. She also gave him a cheque of Rs 1 lakh as guarantee. Charan' s game was over.
Amir was driving a white SUV, worth over 100, 000 pounds, in his hometown of Bolton in Greater Manchester when he took a wrong turn and collided with another car. No arrests have been made in relation to the incident, which took place at around 9. 15pm on Friday, reports the Sun.
This is merely to divert the attention of the people from the issues raging before the country, which the Muslims will not tolerate. Former president of the Muslim wing of Samajwadi Party Md Yaseen Qureshi said  Muslim marriages get registered at the time they are solemnised so Muslims do not need an additional registration, whereas most Hindu marriages are conducted without any paperwork. The rules are still being prepared by the women welfare department of the state government and as soon as the rules are ready, they will be brought into effect. He said that some Muslim leaders are unnecessarily dragging the name of Yogi Adityanath in this matter, whereas the Chief Minister has issued an order to make all the marriages mandatory, irrespective of the religion.
Sri Lanka great Kumar Sangakkara scored the 100th century of his illustrious career while playing for English county Surrey in a one- day match on Tuesday.
Sinha' s proximity to Advani is nothing new and many believe that it was due this closeness the current party leadership has sidelined the Patna Sahib MP. Long live Advani ji, Long live BJP, Jai Hind! " he said. Enough of negative politics and mudslinging by opponents on our political leaders, be it Kejriwal, Laloo Yadav or Sushil Modi, " Shatrughan Sinha tweeted. "
Are you a finicky eater? You can make a reservation at Tokyo' s naked restaurantThe restaurant owners hope that this little social and culinary experiment will help people understand and sympathise with dementia patients, as well as prove that they can be fully- functioning members of society. The pop- up employs only patients suffering from dementia as waiters. Alzheimer' s, Parkinson' s and Vascular are common types of dementia.
s book: Diana- Her True Story. I got terribly, terribly thin. Diana was so unhappy in the few weeks after her fairy tale wedding with Prince Charles that she tried to slash her wrists, according to the transcripts of secret tapes of the popular princess. I was so depressed, and I was trying to cut my wrists with razor blades, " The Princess of Wales is quoted as saying. Well, was I wrong on that assumption! " vivid memory, " she was quoting as saying. but I don?
At 1 pm today, New Delhi' s Jantar Mantar will witness a big birthday bash thrown by the right- wing group Hindu Sena in honour of United States President Donald Trump, or as they like to call him, the " Saviour of Humanity. " Also, if the Hindu Sena' s Trump birthday celebration from last year is to be considered, there will be a decorative cake involved. In May last year, the group held a havan, again at Jantar Mantar, praying for Donald Trump' s victory in the then upcoming United States presidential election. But, the invite does promise a photo exhibition, presumably on the life and times of President Trump.
Thousands of Metro passengers were left stranded on Delhi Metro' s blue line today following a technical snag which happened after a bird got electrocuted on the overhead electricity line. The incident happened around 4. DMRC' s network currently spans around 213 km and it carries an average of 30 lakh passengers daily, with blue line being one of the busiest. Also read:
The decision was taken at a cabinet meeting chaired by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. " The cabinet has decided to employ 1, 000 doctors including 500 specialists on a contract of one year. He said that cabinet also okayed the transfer policy for doctors according to A, B, C and D categories.
A report in Mid- Day says that the obscure sketch is to be auctioned at Osian' s The Greatest Indian Show On Earth 2. Apart from the Eiffel, there is the Bastille, the Concorde, Voltaire, French kissing, the French connection, the French Revolution and former French president Charles de Gaulle among other things. 1' too on the sketch. The doodle includes SRK' s signature too.
Setting an example, the Jammu and Kashmir Police today invited a bright school student to inaugurate the police public library in Baramulla instead of a politician. Inspector General of Police ( IGP) Nitish Kumar dedicated the library to the people of Baramulla.
A man in Bihar was bitten by a venomous snake. The incident happened in Samastipur district on Saturday. Upon waking up, he found his condition deteriorating and suddenly turned emotional. The man' s last wish was to die together with his wife, and to make it happen, he tried his best but the woman was luckily saved by doctors.
Rahul' s grandmother Paola Maino lives in Italy. Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi today said he will be taking a break from politics to visit his grandmother abroad, triggering taunts from the opposition BJP which called the visit the " picnic" of a " kid during his summer vacations" . " He did not mention how many days will he be out and where in Italy was he headed to. The Congress hit back, calling it Indian culture to visit ageing grandparents. "
The court proceedings are on. You do not know the facts so do not ask irrelevant questions, " Mallya, who is wanted in India on loan defaults to several banks, told reporters. Absconding businessman Vijay Mallya, who was granted bail today till December 4 by a UK court, told the media to keep dreaming about billion pounds. " I have denied all allegations that have been made and will continue to deny that, " the former Kingfisher Airlines boss Vijay Mallya told India Today outside the Westminster Magistrates' Court in London. I have video evidence.
Earlier today, Patidar quota stir leader Hardik Patel was arrested in Madhya Pradesh' s Neemuch district when he was on his way to Mandsaur to express his solidarity with the agitating farmers, six of whom were killed in police firing last week. It will not go waste. Hardik will meet farmers and will ask them to continue their protest, " said Patidar Navnirman Sena General Secretary Akhilesh Katiyar. He alleged that the rule of law has not been followed in the state. Scindia is accompanied by Ratlam MP Kantilal Bhuriya and former Mandsaur MP Meenakshi Natarajan.
Two unidentified persons barged into the store and opened fire at Patel. The victim identified as Sameer Patel was shot in the head and his condition is stated to be critical. Sameer is a native of Gujarat' s Patan district.
And finally there is news that Sunil is making a comeback to television, but with Kapil' s rival Krushna Abhishek. According to recent reports, Sunil, Krushna, Ali Asgar will be seen together on a comedy show soon.
The Erattupetta police have charged Eapen under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences ( POCSO) Act. WHAT THE SCHOOL ADMINISTRATION SAIDSr Rosily, the school principal, went on record to say that the photo had been photoshopped and it was not uniform that was issued to the girls. Eapen has applied for anticipatory bail. " Obscenity lies in the eyes of the beholder, " Cyraic said.
According to police officials, the incident took place near a famous college in Parel. However, a few minutes later, the boy returned with his friends and thrashed Ganesh. The attackers fled on bikes. Also Read: Hyderabad: Couple wanted luxurious life, goes on robbing spree, busted
Researchers are creating a system that could be placed in the vehicle to monitor and predict an adverse cardiac event. " There are actually quite a few obstacles that were identified, " Najarian said. " The research team will begin gathering the physiological data from the driver using heart monitors approved by the US Food and Drug Administration. Researchers are using machine- learning models to analyse the data collected from in- hospital and in- vehicle subjects. You cant have clinical- grade monitoring devices in the vehicle.
Officials at the sanctuary show videos on mating pattern of peacocks to inquisitive visitors and tell them that unlike what the Rajasthan High Court judge said, peacocks mate just like any other bird. The Choolannur sanctuary has close to 300 pea fowls. It was established in 2007 and named after famous ornithologist Induchoodan or K K Neelakantan. ALSO READ: Rajasthan High Court judge says peacocks do not have sex: How do you think peacocks reproduce?
The incident occurred on June 4 at Kodambakkam. A shocking video of miscreants attacking a homeless man and trying to burn his private parts has gone viral. The accused claimed that they attacked the 50- year- old because they were drunk. Also Read:
Alongside, the dog lovers have also uploaded a song each of Diljit Dosanjh called ' Pitbull' and Kamal Grewal' s ' Sarkari Ban' where both seem to be promoting the illegal activity. Few dog lovers have already forwarded complaints to the Animal Welfare Board of India ( AWBI) regarding singers Dosanjh, Grewal and some more small- time singers also. " It is sad that things have come to a point where we make dogs fight and set this as an example for the youth, " he added. Dogs are starved for days. Their tails and ears are cut off.
Alleging that Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan' s government wants to kill democracy openly, he said, " I appeal through this meeting that those who killed democracy, those who killed Pradesh' s farmers and fired at them, Madhya Pradesh' s public will also fire at the government" . In a provocative speech, Congress leader Dilip Mishra said under the leadership of Madhya Pradesh Opposition leader Ajay Singh, farmers of Satna district will fire on the state government. " As the political atmosphere continues to be tense in Madhya Pradesh following violent agitation by farmers, a Congress leader has added fuel to fire by saying that farmers will now fire back bullets on the BJP government in the state under the leadership of Pradesh Congress. Also read: Madhya Pradesh: Mandsaur farmers, traders say demonetisation doomed us
The retrofitting would cost about Rs 30 lakh per coach. The target is to complete the process of refurbishing of coaches with improved interiors and modern facilities in the next five years. WHAT IS CBC ?
According to reports, Kritika Chaudhary, a resident of Bhairavnath SRA society, was allegedly murdered by unknown persons around 3- 4 days ago. She had also worked in few Balaji production TV serials. A police officer said, " The AC of the room was on so that smell could not come out soon. Further details are awaited.
The result, the national leagues had a tough time attracting crowds to the stand, coupled with the common excuse of " standard of football. " India continue their 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification campaign on Tuesday against Kyrgyz Republic at the Sree Kanteerava Stadium in Bengaluru. This will be India' s second Group A encounter after  Sunil Chhetri game India a narrow 1- 0 win over Myanmar back in March.
So far, 300 students have qualified for various engineering examinations in this village of 10, 000 people. Since then, the students have been earning laurels for their village and doing proud to their elders. Jitendra Prasad was the first student from the village to clear the IIT examination. The noise of the power looms becomes music for them and they study amidst that sound. STUDIES IN THE FACE OF POVERTY
The officer had won a gold medal for the IAF in a national shooting championship and had claimed during his trial that he has been facing harassment and was victimised by his superiors since 2013 after he suffered a grievous knee injury after which he was transferred to Bhuj air base in Gujarat. He was declared permanently unfit to fly a transport aircraft on April 21 last year as he could not recuperate within the two- year mandatory period. The charges leveled against the officer in the GCM included refusal to eat food, assaulting a senior officer during his custody in a missile base in Mumbai and stealing TV remote controls from the officers' mess, sources said. The IAF officer' s wife is also a serving military personnel and was posted in Delhi.
The BCCI will soon appoint an ethics officer to address the issue of conflict of interest, which has been plaguing Indian cricket for some time now. He will be appointed soon. Committee of Administrators ( COA) chairman Vinod Rai on Monday said such a decision was the need of the hour. "
Kaswala is not associated with the Congress or any other organisation. Due to the distance, the bangles did not reach the stage and the policemen quickly took him away, " he said. On May 28, a member of the Hardik Patel- led Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti had hurled a shoe at Union minister Mansukh Mandaviya in Bhavnagar district, alleging that the BJP government was not doing anything for the educated youth of the country. DEMAND FOR COMPLETE FARM LOAN WAIVERWhile the local Congress leaders claimed that Kaswala, by throwing the bangles, had actually raised the demand for a complete farm loan waiver in the state, the police denied it. " He expressed his anger as Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra, both BJP- ruled states, did that recently.
The Mumbai Police arrested two senior officers posted at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport for allegedly letting people pass through immigration without due process. During interrogation, the woman provided information on the racket and named three men believed to be the masterminds. A senior officer said, " This is a very serious and dangerous incident. I am shocked. "
Some people are still trapped under debris. The gurdwara, where some construction work was going on, is located on the GT road, they said.
The security arrangement for Rajnath Singh' s visit to Aizawl was beefed up in the wake of beef festival organised by ZOlife Group and some activists. It was scheduled for 2 pm today. Beef is an integral part of the food habits of the people in the region and no one will compromise for the same, Varte said. ( Photo credit: Lal Hmingmawia and Remruata Varte in Aizawl, Mizoram) ALSO READ |
The Reticulated python laid 28 eggs, of which 20 hatched. Three pythons in Kolkata' s Alipore Zoo gave birth to 56 snakelings, thanks to the efforts of a team of skilled snake breeders hired by the zoo. We have made history. EGGS PRESERVED CAREFULLY These eggs were collected and sealed using various materials and carefully preserved at 30- 33 degrees Celsius.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be on a two- day visit  to Washington DC from June 25 after an invitation from US President Donald Trump. MODI' S DISCUSSIONS WITH TRUMPIn spite of the difference on some issues, Modi' s discussions with Trump are likely to find a common approach on matters related to South Asia, particularly the rise in infiltration from the neighbouring Pakistan, terrorism and India' s case for a seat at the nuclear supplier' s group. Lieutenant General McMaster had discussed bilateral ties, situation in the South Asian region including Afghanistan and Pakistan with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his April visit. Modi has reiterated India' s support to the Paris agreement and said he is willing to go further than what has been committed under the Paris accord.
? Jordan? A pair of game- worn Michael Jordan sneakers sold at auction for $ 190, 373 on Sunday, setting a record for game- used shoes. He was drafted by the Chicago Bulls three weeks before he played his first game for the United States in the 1984 Games and signed his deal with the Bulls in September, followed by a Nike deal in October 1984. Flu Game?
New Delhi, Jun 12 ( PTI) Fireside Ventures, an early stage consumer brand- focused venture fund, has received commitments worth Rs 180 crore from investors like Premji Invest, Mariwala family office and RP- Sanjiv Goenka group. Avendus is the exclusive advisor- partner for Fireside Ventures in the fund raise, it added. Fireside was started by Kanwaljit Singh, who has over 30 years of experience in companies like Hindustan Unilever, Intel and Carlyle Group.
Two Gujarat ministers courted controversy this weekend after they were spotted at an event meant to felicitate exorcists in Botad district' s Gadhada village. The ministers triggered controversy after a video clip of them at the event went viral. Speaking to Tv9 Gujarati, Padnya said his organisation condemns the episode and added that this was the first time he saw high- ranking government functionaries attending such an event. ' Unfazed by the criticism, Education Minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasama defended his and his colleague' s presence at the exorcists' event.
The trial runs will begin soon thereafter. The train will have fully suspended traction motors, pneumatic secondary suspension and anti- roll bar. Racing against time to bring a network of " high- speed corridors" on track, the Indian Railways is exploring self- propelled train sets similar to those used in Delhi Metro. Experts said it was originally designed for subways or metro trains but over the years the system has been widely used in leading train networks across the globe. As per the plan, the top speed of Rajdhani Express on these routes will be increased from the current 130 kmph to 160 kmph. MODI' S DREAM PROJECTA network of high speed corridors is the dream project of Prime Minister Narendra Modi but so far only Delhi- Agra corridor has become operational.
London, Jun 12 ( PTI) Supermodel Miranda Kerr, who recently married her beau Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel, has said the couple had a magical wedding ceremony. The 34- year- old catwalk star, who married her 26- year- old boyfriend on May 27, has revealed the duo kicked off their D- Day with a yoga session, reported FemaleFirst.
He said he was appointed by the Narendra Modi government after it came to power in May 2014 and he has served his term to his full satisfaction. I will come to the aid of the government as long as I live, " he said. I would like to return to private practice, " Rohatgi told PTI. Besides Rohatgi, two additional solicitor generals P S Patwalia and Neeraj Kishan Kaul have also preferred not to seek reappointment as law officers. He has also advanced the governments stand of defending the policy of Aadhaar in which the issue of Right to Privacy has been raised and is pending before apex court.
A Good Samaritan saved a giant two- and- a- half metre python. # FYI: The python was bigger than Matthew. Facebook user, Tracey Heimberger, posted about the incident wherein Matthew Bager, after spotting a ' Pilbara Rick Olive Python' , an endangered species, lied down next to it on the road so that it can cross the road safely.
Several eyewitnesses said the " ugly episode" took place around 1 AM when a group of four to five women, apparently working with the various pubs in the vicinity, were waiting outside Sahara Mall for transport. " A group of women pub workers, fed up with obscene gestures and physical assault by a few men, took out their slippers to teach their tormentors a lesson. In a flash, all the women took off their footwear and began beating up the harasser. This was followed by heated arguments and commotion, which made the men leave the spot, " said one of the eyewitnesses, requesting anonymity. " They must have been emboldened by the absence of any police patrol vehicle in the area. " A security guard at the mall, who refused to be named, said when the patrons come out of these night clubs, they try to strike deals with women, some of whom are regular employees and others who facilitate entry to stag pub- goers. "
So my submission was, let us not do jugaad for something which is worlds largest fiscal reform, " he said, adding that its rollout should be " postponed by one month or so" . . And you are going to start GST from July 1. In the meeting today, the GST Council decided that traders, manufacturers and restaurant owners with turnover of up to Rs 75 lakh can opt for a composition scheme and pay taxes at the rate of 1, 2, and 5 per cent respectively. Whenever we are prepared fully to our satisfaction, everybody feels comfortable, we can go ahead, " he said.
It is also strange that the bank does not know of what happened to the money it lent to the company. IC Sharat Sabharwal observed: " Except for stating that the matter is under investigation of some agencies, the respondents ( bank) have not made any other submission to justify invocation of Section 8 ( 1) ( h) to deny most of the information and why its disclosure would hamper the investigation process. SUPREME COURT PRECEDENTThe CIC had earlier, at the case hearing on February 10, questioned the invoking of the exemption clause. The IC also quoted, among others, an SC observation in the case of UP Financial Corporation vs gem Cap India Pvt ( AIR 1993, 1435) . "
An 80- year- old woman in Bhopal has alleged that a group of four- five policemen barged into her house and beat her with sticks, breaking her bones and grievously injuring her husband too. The couple has gone on a fast now, demanding that the chief minister meet them and assure them justice for the unprovoked assault they were subjected to and punish the policemen. Also read: Madhya Pradesh: Shivraj Singh Chouhan ends his ' peace fast' on Day 2
ALSO READ|   Madhya Pradesh: Families of 4 farmers who died in Mandsaur firing ask CM Chouhan to end fast On Saturday, Chouhan said that he was saddened by the violence and subsequent deaths of people in Mandsaur district. My fast will continue till there is peace in the entire state. People' s pain is my pain, " he added.
Joe Crilly, a spokesperson for the bookmaker, was quoted as saying that, " The general election result was a good one for us bookies as the Tories managed to fluff their lines in what was being billed as the unlosable election. " " We had a number of five figure bets on the Conservatives winning a majority, with some wagers at prices as short as 1/ 16, although one punter from London will be breathing a sigh of relief after backing the Conservatives to win the most seats to the tune of 200, 000 pounds, " he said. William Hill said around 20 million pounds was wagered, the majority of it backing the Tories.
The tunnel has been constructed 30 metres below riverbed, just a few metres away from the famous Howrah Bridge, built in the last century to connect Howrah and Kolkata. Of the entire length, 10. For tunnelling below the river, the water tightness, waterproofing, and the design of gaskets were the major challenges, because the tunnel is being constructed for a service of 120 years, so we cannot afford any water leakage during service, " said Kumar. . " The material used gives it immunity to survive quakes in seismic zone 3, in which Kolkata falls.
Sonia and her husband, Bhupender, are distraught. The couple lives in south Delhi' s Khanpur and has lodged a complaint with the Safdarjung Police station. " The DNA reports are likely to come in 20 days and till that time the baby girl is being kept in our nursery and looked after by the nursing staff, " he said. But they didn' t. That proves that I gave birth to baby boy, " Sonia, who teaches at the NGO Navasrishti, told Mail Today. " It is illegal. Sonia' s family approached us.
The interview was scheduled to take place at the end of this month. " security firm: report London, Jun 11 ( PTI) Pakistan- born British citizen Khuram Butt, the London Bridge attack ringleader, had been trying to get a job with a security firm that provides stewards for Wimbledon and other sporting events, raising concerns whether he had considered targeting the prestigious tennis tournament. The security firm would check his background but it does not have access to the police watch list or have knowledge of any MI5 investigation. Butt and his aides Moroccan- origin Rachid Redouane and Moroccon- Italian Yousef Zaghba rammed a high- speed van into pedestrians on London Bridge before stabbing revellers at the nearby Borough Market, killing eight people before being shot dead by armed police officers last week.
A 1. 5- meter- long crocodile fossil was found on June 1, researchers said. Archaeologists also found a large amount of teeth, arm, pelvis and rib bones belonging to at least six different dinosaurs, most of which were in good condition, Xinhua reported.
Directed by Shankar, the film has already broken Baahubali 2: The Conclusion' s record and will be released in over 7000 screens in India alone. # Rajinikanth# 2Point0 Leaked Pic- pic. 0. 0 was bagged for a whopping price of Rs 110 crore. 2.
A resident of Pandarak village in Barh block, just 40 km away from Patna, Ruby has made a name for herself in kabaddi and wrestling much to the discomfort of the village strongmen who are threatening to finish her career by raping her. " Despite coming from backward caste, we excel in sports and therefore villagers are forcing us to stop playing. They eve tease me and they have beaten my father also many times. Ruby has met senior police officials in Pandarak couple of months, but they did not take any action against the upper caste locals.
Yoga guru Baba Ramdev has come out with a very specific demand for the Narendra Modi government- take Pakistan- occupied Kashmir ( PoK) back from Pakistan. Terming PoK as the root cause of the persistent Kashmir unrest, he said PM should work in this direction to rid the northern state from its longstanding turmoil.
Mehta has claimed that Ranaut was on board for his dream project titled Rani of Jhansi: The Warrior Queen and also shot for it. Director, Ketan Mehta has filed a complaint of cheating against Kangana Ranaut at Mumbai' s Economic Offences Wing ( EOW) . We have received the letter. We will investigate the case, and if the allegations are true we will register a case in this regard, " said DCP Parag Manere, EOW.
Though, the government has called it " fake" news, the food department in Tanjore is working overtime to ensure that there is no incidents of plastic rice. The inspections involved checking the rice through various parameters including putting them inside plastic bottle, cooking and through various other measures. In a state where rice is the staple diet, the stories about plastic rice has sparked panic among the masses. Experts say that it is easy to find if it is organic or not.
The actress is currently gearing up for her next release " A Gentleman" , the film which was previously titled " Reload" . " Pray for me. " We didnt have a title for so long so we kept a working title which was Reload.
BhakyaSri' s relatives claim that Naveen Balaji who runs the herbal treatment centre in Erode is a fraud and has no authorisation from medical bodies or the government. BhakyaSri was left under the care of the herbal treatment centre owner and relative Naveen Balalji by her parents on June 2 to attend a wedding function. He also added that when they called in between June 2- 6 to inquire about their daughter' s health, the authorities said she was responding well and relaxing. Also read: Why Tamil Nadu politics involving frequent AIADMK reshuffles is like a game of poker
AMIT SHAH BELITTLED MAHATMA GANDHI: CONGRESS" Amit Shah has belittled Mahatma Gandhi and the Independence struggle. . Responding to Surjewala' s demand for apology, Amit Shah today said in Raipur that " everyone present in the public meeting knows with what objective, I called Mahatma Gandhi a baniya. Surjewala further said, " After Independence, the BJP' s Kala Angrez ( black Englishmen) are doing the same what the British used to do.
A week after the Chief of Army Staff Bipin Rawat announced that combat roles for women would be open soon, the chief today said that women will be first inducted in military police before taking the discourse further on their combat positions in the force. " This is further supported by some of the people in the Valley who spread it and glamorise the young boys who have joined terrorist organisations. " Youth in Kashmir are being instigated by a misinformation campaign on social media, " he said. Last year, in a major step forward, Avani Chaturvedi, Bhawana Kanth and Mohana Singh became the first women fighter pilots to be formally commissioned by the Indian Air Force.
By the said judgment the apex court had also directed for not renewing license of existing shops and for not issuing new license for such shops after 31st March, 2017 along national and state highways. The petitioners claim that the bars, restaurants and wine shops are neither situated on a national highway nor on a state highway, but is located in by- lanes of the city, more than 500 meters from the highways. Without that the state government cannot arbitrarily close down business establishments. That is why they have been asked to show the notifications. "
The National Investigation Agency ( NIA) is set to revoke the Indian passport issued to Islamic Research Foundation ( IRF) president Dr Zakir Abdul Karim Naik, who is wanted in a criminal case registered against him last year. Naik is, most probably, in Malaysia and seeking Malaysian citizenship. Also read | Block Zakir Naik, IRF Facebook pages, Hindu Janjagruti Samiti says in police complaint
Ishant Sharma has the honour of leading India off after his match- winning 7/ 74 # EngvIndhttps: / / t. co/ J4eQMLZApVWith the win, the visitors have taken a 1- 0 lead in the five- match series. He was adjudged the Man of the Match. Brief scores: India 295 and 342 beat England 319 and 223 ( Joe Root 66, Moeen Ali 39; Ishant Sharma 7/ 74) .
Tiwari said top 10 students in each constituency will be awarded. This quiz aims at creating awareness among students as well as engaging them with the idea of developing India, " Tiwari said. " Apart from the quiz, a short film will be shown to the students on the government' s initiatives. Further, a show will be held highlighting achievements of three years of Narendra Modi government. With summer vacations on, the party has organised special camps for school children where they will be asked questions on PM Modi and various initiatives taken by the government like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Beti Padhao Beti Bachao and demonetisation.
Five passengers have been reported to be safe. An official at the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) in Delhi said that an engineer, who was part of the crew, died in the accident, while the two pilots suffered injuries. Chamoli Superintendent of Police Tripti Bhatt said that the phone that the engineer, identified as Vikram Lamba, who hailed from Assam, was hit by rotor blades. The accident took place around 0745 hrs.
Kabir Khan' s Tubelight has already grabbed eyeballs for the on- screen camaraderie between Salman Khan and Sohail Khan, who play brothers in the film too. The director, who has collaborated with Salman for the third time, said that he had a few actors in his mind during the scripting stage, and Khiladi Kumar was one of them. " Maybe, with another actor, I would have had to spend time and create the chemistry that Salman and Sohail share, " he added. Sohail' s is a dignified character in the film. People will love him, I am sure, " he added.
Former India opener Virender Sehwag is someone who knows Virat Kohli very well, having played with him for the national team. Even now in his career as a broadcaster, Sehwag is hilarious with his commentary and does not like to mince his words. Until Kohli became the captain of the Indian Test team, he was infamous for his brash and aggressive attitude and had quite a few run- ins with opposition players on the field. Once Chaudhary told me that Kohli fell ill or was play acting so his coach told him that he would not play in the next match.
For Ayurveda also our laboratories in Jammu are doing this. The government is keen to " settle controversies" about the benefits of cow' s milk and urine, and scientists have been directed to come up with verifiable findings, whether positive or negative. SETTLE ALL CONTROVERSIES " We are thoroughly objective about it, " he said. " Environment Minister and Science and Technology Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan has said India will demonstrate to the world the importance of the cow by carrying out verifiable scientific research into benefits derived from ' panchgavya' or five elements of the cow. If you have to talk about it to the whole world, even for Ayurveda we know it is well defined and good and people can live for hundred years, but we have to scientifically validate it to prove it to the rest of the world.
The top court was hearing a batch of petitions challenging the constitutional validity of a provision in the Income Tax Act making Aadhaar mandatory for filing income tax returns and allotment of PAN. " They argued that government should not have enacted section 139AA in the Act to make Aadhaar mandatory for PAN as the apex court' s five- judge bench order was clear that Aadhaar was voluntary and not mandatory. While opposing the government' s move, the petitioners, including CPI leader Binoy Viswam, have contended before the bench that the Centre cannot " belittle" the apex court' s 2015 order holding the unique identification number as voluntary. ALSO READ: No Aadhaar?
Then finally when he met me he clicked a picture with me and then said we will look into this in the future. A court on Thursday sought the response of superstar Rajinikanth and others on a petition by a producer claiming that the title and story of the actor' s upcoming flick Kaala Karikaalan belonged to him. I wrote this script keeping in mind Rajini sir and if not Rajini the second option in mind was Vijayakanth. In 1996 during an audio launch had announced about the makinh of Kaarigalan and in 2012, When actor Chiyaan Vikram was doing Kaarigalan, the movie was stayed because of my complaint. ( With inputs from Akshaya Nath, India Today )
The robot, AI- MATHS, completed two versions of the exams math test. It finished the test in 22 minutes, scoring 105 points out of 150 points, without Internet support. I hope next year the machine can improve its performance on logical reasoning and computer algorithms and score over 130, " said Lin Hui, CEO of Chengdu Zhunxingyunxue Technology, the company which developed the robot.
More than 65 countries, including India, signed the convention. New Delhi, Jun 7 ( PTI) India today signed the OECD multilateral convention that aims to check cross- border tax evasion by multinational companies. It helps them artificially shift profits to low or no- tax locations, resulting in little or no overall corporate tax being paid. The Convention will modify Indias treaties in order to curb revenue loss through treaty abuse and base erosion and profit shifting strategies by ensuring that profits are taxed where substantive economic activities generating the profits are carried out and where value is created, " the statement added.
Mumbai, Jun 6 ( PTI) Jet Airways domestic pilots body NAG will convene a meeting tomorrow to chart out an " action plan" following the questioning of some of its members by the Delhi Police over alleged posting of obscene messages on a WhatsApp group. This is unprecedented as our members ( pilots) were called by the DGCA for a meeting for some other issue and they had no idea that this was for some thing, " the Guild member said. Acting on the complaint, Delhi Police today questioned 13 pilots, including those of Jet Airways.
Rege, and the other 11 contestants were selected from a huge crop of 296 entrants this year ( marking a participation increase of 41% from 2016) . This year' s India edition just wrapped up, with Rohan Rege from Paasha, JW Marriott Pune, as the winner. Also Read: Why you need to experience the Whisky Walk of Delhi, even if you are not a whisky drinkerThe contestants had to go through three tough rounds- - The Blind Tasting Round, The Speed Round and The Mystery Box Round. Runners- up Jitender Singh Rana from Perch, Delhi and Kevin Diass from Hakkasan, Mumbai impressed the judges with their creativity and craftsmanship, but it was Rege who was able tosway them with his speed, meticulous execution and balanced cocktails. "
Sai Praneeth' s has been the most meteoric rise in the rankings as he moved nine places up after winning the men' s singles title at the Thailand Open on Sunday and beating compatriot Kidambi Srikanth to the Singapore Super Series title in April. Sameer Verma and HS Prannoy found spots in the top 30 at 28th and 30th place respectively.
smear? Comey says he was ? This all happened out of the public view, of course, while Comey stepped forward to give multiple updates in the Clinton emails inquiry. s up. 3. ? honestly no? That was the thing that capped it for me, that I had to do something separately, ? Obstruct justice? No.
The Vella effect @ kishushroff ð? Link- up rumours have not deterred them from hanging out with each other, though, and Disha is even bonding with Tiger' s family. ð? ? On the work front, Tiger is gearing up for the release of Munna Michael, where he will play a young man from the streets who loves dancing and idolises the King of Pop and dancer par excellence, Michael Jackson. Tiger will also romance Disha in Baaghi 2. ALSO READ: Tiger Shroff annoyed with rumoured girlfriend Disha Patani' s possessiveness?
DHBVN Superintending Engineer, Naveen Sharma, said there were eight to 10 technicians and linesmen present at the spot, which is close to the residences of the police commissioner and the deputy commissioner. The bullets hit a tractor- trolley and its tyres, " the ACP said. He fired a few shots in the air and four towards the workers.
Many die in trains while several others die in road accidents. " A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice A M Badar were hearing a petition moved by the Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation, which is in charge of constructing the rail link between Colaba and SEEPZ in Andheri, and told those opposing that " there was a need for Metro. The advocate said that there can be no underground construction that can be carried out in Coastal Regulation Zone 3 areas. The corporation needs to cut 108 trees to construct two stations including the Bandra Kurla Complex station.
She got married to superstar Rajesh Khanna, 15 years older to her, a few months before her debut film released. ALSO READ: Dimple Kapadia responds with dignity to the Rajesh Khanna- Naseeruddin Shah furoreALSO READ: Unknown facts about Dimple Kapadia, Rajesh Khanna' s marriage ALSO WATCH: Rustom star Akshay Kumar is the real ' Khiladi' of Bollywood She won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress for Saagar. Here is a look at five of her outstanding performances on the big screen: BobbyAt 16, Dimple Kapadia made her debut opposite Rishi Kapoor in this Raj Kapoor film which took the industry by storm. Dimple made a mark in her very first film, and it became a huge success, setting a lot of trends, from the signature " Bobby print" to the trope of the coming- of- age romance with a background difference. They share some steamy scenes on screen.
You have to be prepared to face such. It should not bother me, " the General said. He was asked about academician Partha Chatterjee comparing him with General Dyer, who ordered firing at a crowd of protesters at Jallianwala Bagh of Amritsar on April 13, 1919, in which 379 people were killed. " He said, " It is being raised from scratch. INDIA IS READY FOR A MULTI- FRONT WAR' The Army Chief added that even though India is ready for a multi front war there are effective mechanisms available to defuse an adverse situation. "
But it did not end there. The Dangal actor can be seen chilling on the beach in Maldives in a black halter swimsuit in her latest photoshoot, and appreciation for her pictures soon started pouring in. Soon, some self- proclaimed guardians of Islam started slut- shaming Fatima for dressing ' inappropriately' during the holy month of Ramadan.
He was later arrested at Neemuch border. Despite the local administration denying the Congress vice- president permission to visit violence- hit Mandsaur, where five farmers were killed in police firing on Tuesday, Rahul Gandhi rode pillion on a bike to dodge the cops. " he added. Madhya Pradesh farmers protest: How Mandsaur is a repeat of Multai 19 years later
All receipts and payments related to the functioning of the institutions including student fees, exam fees, vendor payments and salary/ wage payments shall be made only through online or digital modes, " the directive sent to university heads said. The HRD Ministry has asked the University Grants Commission ( UGC) to issue necessary advisory to all higher educational institutions that all monetary transactions should be done using digital modes of payment. "
Himesh and Komal were both spotted at the family court today for the final hearing in their divorce case. Himesh Reshammiya, the voice behind popular tracks like Aashiq Banaya Aapne and Tera Suroor, is officially divorced from his wife of 22 years, Komal, now. . Komal confirmed the news to the media, " Himesh and I completely respect each other and are jointly going ahead with this decision to part ways, but mutual respect will always be there between us as I am a part of his family and will always be, and the same stands for him towards my family. "
She felt scared and decided to go to her in- laws house. At that time Manesar police filed the case only under sections of murder and rape charges were not pressed against the accused. She carried the dead child to her in- laws house and then took the body to her parent' s house in southwest Delhi. She took an auto- rickshaw around midnight from Manesar to Khandan in Gurgaon.
: ) pic. twitter. Anupam Kher, who plays Manmohan Singh in The Accidental Prime Minister, the biopic based on Sanjaya Baru' s book of the same name, took to Twitter to post the first look of the film today.
Pakistan is still a sanctuary for the Taliban and Haqqani network and more of a threat than an ally, " the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS) said in a report. No commitment should be open ended. The United States should make it clear to Pakistan that it faces a total end to aid, and the imposition of sanctions, if it continues to support the Taliban and tolerate the Haqqani network, " the report added. ' ( With inputs from PTI) ALSO READ: One of London attackers was a known radical Islamist: Reports
Also read: No more extravagant wedding? On the wedding day, when the priest asked the man to tie a thali ( holy thread) around the bride' s neck, the man' s younger brother who was standing near him suddenly pulled out another thali kept in his shirt pocked and tied it to the bride. Then, the bride and the younger brother revealed that they had been in a relationship since the time they met at Rajapalayam a few months back. The younger brother had gone to her house to arrange the marriage for his elder brother.
Three other jawans were injured. At least three terrorists were killed in an encounter in Nagaland' s Mon district, the Indian Army said on Wednesday morning. The encounter broke out at around 11. 30 pm on Tuesday after militants ambushed security personnel.
Some even advised Sarvesh to sell it to a butcher. The trouser was kept close to where one of his goats was tied. Luckily, Sarvesh snubbed at all the suggestions and the goat continues to nibble at the master' s house. Some were of the view that the goat should be handed over to the police. ALSO READ:
The satellite launch vehicle- - the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark- III ( GSLV Mk- III) - - is the heaviest rocket till date. The ISRO chairman called the launch an important event as it will help India put communication satellites into space from its own soil. Its weight is equal to that of five fully- loaded Boeing Jumbo Jets or as much as 200 fully grown elephants. "
CBI HAS JURISDICTION OF CASES OF PRIVATE BANKS On the NDTV' s questioning of jurisdiction over a case involving a private bank, the CBI said, " It is clarified that the Honourable Supreme Court in the case of Ramesh Gelli vs CBI of 2016, held that the provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 are applicable to the officials of private banks. Responding to the NDTV' s allegations that the CBI raided its premises " without even conducting a preliminary enquiry" indicating " a witch- hunt against independent media" , the central investigation agency today clarified that the searches were carried out based on search warrants issued by a competent court. " Moreover, ICICI is a private bank, " NDTV said in its statement. Also read: CBI raids residence of NDTV founders in criminal conspiracy, cheating case
Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, after analysing the power demand situation of past few days, has given directions to his chief secretary to ask all three discoms to increase the number of seats in their call centres, " Manish Sisodia said. Discoms have been asked to mend the faults in the supply line if there is any and ensure a continuous supply. Governor. .
They have been called in for an inquiry, " PTI quoted a senior police official.           " The Delhi Police today said it is examining a group of pilots after the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) filed a complaint against them for allegedly making obscene remarks against its officials in a WhatsApp group. twitter. Gupta also asked for an unconditional apology from these pilotsIt was then that some pilots had a conversation about the DGCA on their WhatsApp group. Also Read: New rules for pilots: 1 year notice period for captains, 6 months for first officers
In his application, Sehwag just stated that he is the mentor of Indian Premier League ( IPL) franchise Kings XI Punjab and that he is quite familiar with the current crop of Indian players. " WATCH  VIDEO HERESehwag' s application has stunned the Supreme Court- appointed Committee of Administrators ( CoA) and, therefore, immediately asked him to send an elaborate application with a full resume. Apart from Sehwag, current head coach Anil Kumble, former Australian Test player Tom Moody , former Indian cricketers Lalchand Rajput and Dodda Ganesh and former Pakistan and Bangladesh coach Richard Pybus are the other candidates to have put their names forward for the role.
Sources said Mihir Bhai Patel was arrested by New Delhi district team after he misbehaved in the police station and threatened to harm the leader. Patel had allegedly started sending obscene and threatened messages to Nupur through Facebook, Twitter, email and SMSes. Also Read: Vadodara man arrested for stalking BJP leader Nupur Sharma
It takes guts to interrupt a wedding. That' s exactly why 21- year- old Archana tried to stop a wedding ceremony in Vikravandi in Tamil Nadu' s Villupuram district, and insisted that the groom - Gopalakrishnan - tie the knot with her instead, a report in the Tamil daily Thina Thanthi said. But when the groom has been in love with you for the past six years, and he promised to have his happily- ever- after moment with you, it probably makes it just a bit easier. ALSO READ|   Revolver Rani: Woman kidnaps groom from his wedding venue, was furious over betrayal
As tension with Pakistan remains at an all- time high over frequent ceasefire violations and funding of terror in Jammu and Kashmir from across the border, Indian Army chief General Bipin Rawat today said all options are open against the belligerent neighbour. The Army on May 23 had released a video of attack on Pakistani posts across the LoC. The video showed what appeared as bunkers in a forested area being bombed and smoke and fire billowing up after the explosion. Also read: The gloves are off: Hardliner Gen Bipin Rawat fights Kashmir insurgency, with government' s backing
@ rohitsharma45 @ ritssajdeh @ shikhardofficialA post shared by Yuvraj Singh ( @ yuvisofficial) on Jun 5, 2017 at 11: 24am PDTKohli is known for his charity work and also runs the Virat Kohli Foundation for the underprivileged kids and regularly conducts events to raise funds for the charityVirat Kohli Charity Ball - Live from London. â? ? Its commitment to bring an end to slavery is vital and inspirational and so close to my heart, " Kohli was quoted on the Justice and Care charity event page.
India, out of all countries, has seen what blind faith can do. Curious villagers also joined the 30- year- old fellow at Warangal- Hyderabad highway and started digging in the middle of the road with the help of JCBs and shovels. The incident happened near Pembarthy village in Jangaon district of Telangana after a self- proclaimed godman - - Lakhan Manoj - - informed the villagers that Lord Shiva appeared in his dream, asked him to build a gigantic Shiva temple for him at a certain location and said that a Shiva ling is hiding underneath. He used to conduct prayers at this location every Monday.
Earlier, there was no time- frame to complete an enquiry. The Central Vigilance Commission ( CVC) , in a directive, had last year expressed serious concern over delay in finalising corruption cases and asked all departments to complete these inquiries within a maximum period of six months to keep away " nothing will change" notion associated with governance. The new rules are applicable to all category of employees excluding those in all- India services- - Indian Administrative Service ( IAS) , Indian Police Service ( IPS) and Indian Forest Service ( IFoS) - - and a few other categories of officers. The time- limit can, however, be extended for a period not exceeding fifteen days.
Also read: Sunil Grover has this to say about The Kapil Sharma Show' s falling TRPs Kapil politely replied to him saying, " Jab b unka dil kare. . I told him many times .
Agrawal is alleged to have aided in llegal transactions involving Lalu' s kin. Bharti' s husband Shailesh Kumar has been summoned in the same case by the department for tomorrow. Bharti was to appear before I- T sleuths for questioning today but the RJD chief' s daughter chose not to following which the deparment issues fresh notice asking her to appear before it on June 12. The action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the Income Tax Act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
While delivering the order, principal judge of family court Dharmesh Sharma observed that the slow pace of the justice delivery system " casts a very sickening feeling in my mind" but added that the parties and their counsel too were perhaps responsible for the delay. He said the incident left him in constant tension, apprehending that he may be called by the police at any time for further investigation and sought divorce on the grounds of " cruelty" . Thirumoorthy Ramakrishnan, 53, and Subhashini Bala Subramanian, 49, got married in 1998 after meeting through a matrimonial advertisement in a newspaper. She also said that her husband not only abandoned her at a time when she needed him the most but also abandoned the child born in wedlock and left them to fend for themselves. THE STATE OF THE COUPLE NOWHad the divorce been granted in a year or two, my client could have remarried and have had a family now and led a normal life. It can happen to anyone.
While the nation was busy grappling with an early- morning terrorist attack on a CRPF station at Sumbal in Bandipora district of Kashmir, which was foiled by jawans and left four terrorists dead, pro- Kashmir freedom elements, most probably from across the border, hacked the website of the premier institute and posted, " Ask for milk, we shall give you sweets. To a rhetorical question - " You know why you got hacked - which the hackers obviously wanted to answer, the poster said, " Free Kashmir. We do not want war. Kashmir does not want militarised governance. Stop killing children, raping women and imprisoning the men!
. Its God gift to people. Mumbai, Jun 5 ( PTI) Tiger Shroff said if Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who is a powerhouse performer, starts dancing as well then other actors jobs will be in trouble. He is just a holistic actor. When asked how it was to dance on screen, Nawazuddin told reporters, " Initially I felt I was forced to do it, but I started enjoying dancing while doing the film.
A most vocal critic of the Modi government proposal to introduce Aadhaar- like tags for cows, Mamata' s government is now working on assigning UIDs ( unique identification numbers) to the state' s bovine population ( this was apparently decided following a cow census in 2014) . That' s not all. Some 1. 38 million cows have already been assigned UIDs.
According to reports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has written a letter to producer BR Shetty, expressing his support for the gargantuan project. It must be noted that the film ran into a controversy when the president of the Kerala Hindu Aikya Vedi had threatened to stall the release of Mohanlal' s film if they use the title Mahabharatham. Also, the latest buzz is that actors Amitabh Bachchan and Kamal Haasan are being considered for the film. ALSO READ: Velai Illa Pattathari teaser to be out on June 7
3. The 2016 film Sultan has taken a toll on Salman Khan' s health. Now that Salman Khan' s Tubelight is releasing in less than a month, the actor is busy giving interviews to the media, during the course of which he has revealed a lot of hitherto- unknown facts about himself. . Now I have signed Tiger Zinda Hai like a fool, I am jumping off the building, running and shooting, doing all action; I am going mad in the film. Initially I thought it is just dancing and I will have to do a bit more of dancing. 4. I am 51 years old and I have taken this panga. "
Only a few days ago, Taimur' s pictures with mom Kareena went viral when he attended the birthday bash of Tusshar Kapoor' s son. Ever since his birth in December last year, the tiny tot has become a favourite with the netizens. Interestingly, Taimur grabbed more eyeballs than the birthday boy himself. A new picture of him has caught the fancy of many.
The order to suspend the cops seems to have come directly form the chief minister' s office. Two police officials in Uttar Pradesh' s Mathura were suspended after two criminals were pictured attending a party thrown in the policemen' s honour. Social activist Syed Irfan Salim told India Today that the chief minister appears to have had prior knowledge and hard evidence that there was a criminal- police nexus working in Uttar Pradesh and that is why Adityanath made his comment about the link between cops and criminals.
Protesters in Tamil Nadu are finding innovative ways to register their opposition. WHAT IS THE ISSUE? HOW IT HAPPENED IN THIRUNELVELIProtest at Thirunelveli was like any other protest till the agitators built a stage and started to decorate it for a wedding ceremony. After the Supreme Court order to shut down all the liquor shops near highways, public protests intensified in Tamil Nadu demanding that the booze outlets be closed down. The residents of Paavurchathiram, near Thirunelveli previously have protested in different ways to remove TASMAC shops located near them.
Elaborating further, Avantika said that she was denied remuneration for the film. . According to Rockline Venkatesh, secretary of the Kannada Film Artistes Association, Avantika Shetty is not a member of the chamber. Taking to Twitter, Avantika wrote, " The problem started from the very first day of the schedule of the film when I sensed that it was not my performance the producer and the director really bothered about. " In any case, I hope the issue will be settled amicably. " pic.
Horse and car driver suffered injuries # Jaipur ( 04 June) pic. twitter. As the animal reached Jacob Road in Civil Lines, it first dashed into a motorcyclist and then jumped into a car head on breaking the front windshield. Both the animal and the driver of the car, Pankaj Joshi who works for an event management company, suffered injuries, in the freak accident. ALSO READ:
A change. . always. " Also read: The Dalits | Still untouchableThe petition said that when the meaning of ' Bhangi' was brought to the notice of club owner, Arjun Sagar Gupta, he " offered a passive aggressive clarification justifying the name Bhangijumping as a form of ' artistic expression' " . in, Arjun said, " It is true that we were ignorant of the fact that the word is used as a casteist slur, and I can assure you that it was not the artist' s or The Piano Man' s intent to hurt any community. Talking to IndiaToday.
Qatar Airways said on its official website today that it had suspended all flights to Saudi Arabia. The airlines' decision comes as Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the UAE all cut diplomatic ties Monday to Qatar over its support of Islamist groups and its relations with Iran. FlyDubai' s decision follows that of Emirates and Etihad in canceling flights to Doha. It offered no other details.
error 53? Australia? was required to, or would, remedy the defective speaker at no cost under the [ Australian consumer law] if the screen of the iPhone had been replaced by someone other than Apple Australia or an Apple- authorised service provider, ? ? . s statutory rights. express representation?
In an interview to Firstpost, the Bajrangi Bhaijaan actor said, " I doubt that Tubelight will break Baahubali 2' s record, because the latter is one of the most freakish films that has been made. Hindi film- goers lapped up the film despite watching a dubbed version of it. Ever since the trailer of Salman Khan' s Tubelight released, a lot has been said about how the film would probably break Baahubali 2' s records at the box office. I do not feel the pressure. "
In what could be a first, MoS for Finance Arjun Ram Meghwal on Sunday instructed authorities to help villagers in his constituency - Rajasthan' s Bikaner - after climbing a tree. That was the issue Meghwal intended to resolve with his phone call. It was not exactly a novel sight for the villagers - they said it was normal for people to climb trees in search of an improved signal.
Today' s ð? Following the incident, security was beefed up at Birmingham where India and Pakistan squared off for their opening match of the Champions Trophy. # INDvPAK# CT17pic. ®ð? ? Ind vs pak. adrenaline pumping pic.
While there is no word on the resolution yet but the phone could come with either 1440P or 1080P, similar to what we see in OnePlus 3T. 5- inch display with thin bezels. What do you 5ee? While the company has already confirmed few specs of the phone, a roundup of all the rumours and leaks of the phone will help you get a clearer idea of what the smartphone could bring to the table. pic. OnePlus 5 is expected to sport bigger battery than the  previously announced OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T. 5mm headphone and confirmed that the flagship phone will come with the 3.
India Today could not independently verify the photo, but the businessman was wearing the same attire seen in other photos shared from the match. In April this year, London' s Scotland Yard, acting upon India' s request, formally arrested Mallya on an extraction warrant. June, 2016: CBI forms SIT to investigate case; Rakesh Asthana appointed to lead the teamJune, 2016: The Enforcement Directorate ( ED) attaches Mallya' s assets worth Rs 1, 411 croreJuly, 2016: SBI lodges an FIR against Mallya following pressure from the SIT. October, 2015: CBI conducts raids at Mallya' s office. March, 2016: Mallya flees India.
The alert sentries retaliated. TERRORISTS ' PLANNED URI- STYLE ATTACK' The four terrorists may have infiltrated recently from an undisclosed location and were planning an Uri- style attack, sources told India Today They were carrying incendiary material, including 3 petrol bombs. The plan of fidayeen was to get inside the camp and take control of a vantage point to prolong ( the) encounter. . CRPF IG Zulfikar Hassan commended his men for successfully fending off the terror attack. "
The 46 women, selected from urban and rural areas, were finalised along with 1, 461 men, according to a police document Final results of recruitment as police constable in Counter- Terrorism Department ( CTD) and Rapid Response Force. After the six- month training, the women, recruited as police constables, would be inducted into the regular police force, Dawn reported.
The speed was recorded during a test of the elevator in Guangzhou CTF Finance Centre in China. The world' s fastest elevator that can operate at a record breaking speed of 1, 260 metres per minute is set to been installed in a skyscraper complex building in China. It is now in the final adjustment phaseThe achievement was recorded by China' s National Elevator Quality Supervision and Inspection Centre, a public accreditation body of elevators.
The actor wants to have a family, but is conflicted about whether she should " add to the exploding population" or adopt a child. " On the work front, Dia Mirza will play Maanayata Dutt in Rajkumar Hirani' s Sanjay Dutt biopic featuring Ranbir Kapoor. But we would like to adopt children. There' s no uncertainty about that. "
Pakistan is trying to disturb peace and tranquillity in Jammu and Kashmir time and again, but this practice will not continue for long, " the home minister was quoted as saying by news agency IANS, once again referring to his recent statement that the Modi government is working on permanent solution for the situation in Kashmir. The home minister' s comments came during a public meeting in Hamirpur, Himachal Pradesh, where Rajnath was attending the Bharatiya Janata Party' s Tridev Sammelan aimed at strengthening and mobilising party cadres. ' Rajnath' s comments today came two days after two Indian Army jawans were killed in an ambush my militants on the Jammu- Srinagar National Highway.
I am going to start it soon. Army Chief Gen Bipin Rawat said the process to allow women in combat role, currently an exclusive domain of men, is moving fast and initially women will be recruited for positions in military police. " Firstly, we will start with women as military police jawans, " he said, giving details of the move to allow women in the male- dominated positions in the Army. Currently women are allowed in a number of select areas including in medical, legal, educational, signals and engineering wings of the Army but combat roles are kept off limit for them due to operational concerns and logistical issues.
The Inter- Services Intelligence agency plans to send as many as 14 operatives to the India- Pakistan Champions Trophy match on Sunday with the aim of displaying banners related to Kashmir, sources have told India Today. Pakistan' s intelligence agency has instructed its agents to display these slogans: ' Kashmir Seeks Attention' , ' Kashmir is bleeding' , ' We stand with Kashmir' , and ' Free the state of Jammu and Kashmir now' . The hotly awaited Indo- Pak game comes amid tensions between the nuclear- armed neighbours. There have been a spate of ceasefire violations along the Line of Control and a Border Action Team recently killed two Indian jawans and mutilated their bodies.
Whatever difference there is between our families, it will get over shortly. Abduction for marriage appears to have remained unabated in 2017 too. The NCRB Crime in India Report, 2015 report - which is the most recent official figure available at present - also confirms that while Bihar is far below other States when it comes to abduction of boys below 18 years of age, it stands at the top in the country when it comes to abductions of above 18- year- old males. They still wanted to rescue the groom but the bride and her family - backed with relatives and villagers - put up a tough fight, forcing the cops to beat a hasty retreat. Assured that the boy is now theirs, the girl' s parent are also willing to settle things by offering one- fourth of the usual dowry which they would have had to offer had the boy not been married, " said Hetukar Jha a retired sociology professor at Patna University. DIRECT CONSEQUENCE OF SOCIAL EVILS LIKE DOWRYThough illegal, dowry is an inevitable traditional marriage practice by which the groom' s family demands enormous sums of money and goods from the bride' s family as a condition for letting their son marry her. A shocked Lalbabu was abducted by the criminals to a temple in Jehanabad district where he was forced to marry a 13- year- old girl Babita under the shadow of a gun. Many fight fiercely, but every kidnapped boy eventually relents under duress. Dhananjay, 25, now runs a Computer hardware shop.
The 11th page of the 16- page booklet talks of the China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) and carries a map of the project. At the press conference, Ghulam Nabi Azad raised issues of national security being jeopardized by the BJP and spoke about a spurt in terror- related violence in the country. We apologise for this and will ensure that such a mistake is not repeated, " he said. ALSO READ: Indian map includes Pakistan, Bangladesh in Morocco university goof- up while hosting Hamid Ansari
Aamir Khan' s Dangal currently holds the position of the highest grossing Indian film ever. Aamir is also said to be getting a 33 per cent share of the film' s royalty, which includes satellite rights and other money that the film might earn in the future. It comes as no surprise then, that the actor is demanding a hefty fee for his next, Thugs of Hindostan. Fact is, after Dangal made Rs 1000 crore, now few people question Aamir on his deals.
Singh, who also spoke about the situation in Kashmir and the challenge of Naxalism, said the Islamic State ( IS or ISIS) has failed to gain a foothold in India despite the country' s large Muslim population. " ( With inputs from agencies) ALSO READ | Hurriyat terror funding: NIA raids 23 sites in Kashmir, Delhi, Haryana; recovers Rs 1. 5 crore cash
Aditi and her co- star Sidhant Gupta were shooting for a wedding sequence in RK Studio when the incident took place, stalling the shooting for two hours, after which the Bhoomi team decided to call it a day. Thankfully we were escorted out safely. Work resumed on Friday. " The film features Aditi Rao Hydari as the titular character and Sanjay Dutt' s daughter.
BJP Minister Satyadev Pachauri of Kanpur is Yogi Adityanath government' s most prominent minister. Satyadev is Minister of Khadi, Village Industries, Sericulture, Textile, Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises and Export Promotion in the Government of Uttar Pradesh. While ignoring the instructions, he entered the MRI chamber, where the machine pulled up the pistol as soon as he was exposed to the machine' s magnetic field. twitter.
Lower Munda is located around 100 kilometres away from Srinagar. Those injured have been identified as Naik subedar Shrinavas Murli of 106 TA Para, Naib Subedar Shiv Kumar of 54FD regiment, Vaid Prakesh 106TA Para and Subash Chand of 48AD. The Army convoy, which was on its way to Jammu from Srinagar, was indiscriminately fired upon by militants near the Lower Munda toll post. ( WITH INPUTS FROM AGENCIES) Also read | Jammu and Kashmir: Pakistan violates ceasefire in Poonch, Indian Army retaliates Firing is presently on. "
Titled ' Support' , the sculpture has been created by renowned artist Lorenzo Ouinn. This huge pair of white hands has actually been put on display as part of the 2017 La Biennale di Venezia, an annual exhibition. This spectacle of artistic brilliance is imbued with a deeper significance. ' Also Read: Have you already added this underwater museum to your bucket- list?
On Thursday morning, Jaideep saw a cartoon character on TV laughing while burning in flames. The deceased has been identified as Jaideep Madugula a class 5 student. Police said that the boy, who was inspired by the cartoon character, went to the terrace, doused himself in kerosene and set himself ablaze. Jaideep had suffered about 40 per cent burn injuries and later succumbed to it.
After gulping the remaining water from the bottle, Priyanka reportedly asked the minister what to do with the bottle. The plastic water bottle tossed up by Priyanka Rawat will also reach the Ganga mocking the Namami Gange project of the Narendra Modi government. Minister Dharampal Singh followed her. twitter. The Saryu ends up in River Ganga.
Why? Life is short, indeed. Which is why a young couple from Wales has actually dared to take their children out of school, besides selling off most of their possession. ' There' s no limit on how long we go for, ' ' added Clare.
He shared the stage with Russian President Vladimir Putin and the leaders of Austria and Moldova. But in the last 40 years, not a single bullet has been fired because of border dispute, " Modi said during a panel discussion at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. So countries may have some disputes and some areas of collaboration, " he said, noting that India and Russia relationship has stood the test of time as it was based on trust. It is an inter- connected and inter- dependent world.
Sanjay Dutt biopic will now hit the screens in 2018, while Tiger Zinda Hai will release this Christmas. Rajkumar Hirani directs. . Stars Ranbir Kapoor. We know Salman has a huge fan following, so it only made business sense to avoid the on- screen clash. "
. Bengaluru, June 2 ( PTI) IT major Wipro today said it has reinforced security measures at all its office locations after receiving a second threat email, but there was no impact on the companys operations. " There is no impact on the company?
50 am, official sources said. The Prithvi- II missile is capable of carrying 500 kg to 1, 000 kg of warheads and is thrusted by liquid propulsion twin engines. Inducted into Indian armed forces in 2003, the nine- metre- tall, single- stage liquid- fuelled Prithvi- II is the first missile to have been developed by the DRDO under the Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme. The missile trajectory was tracked by the DRDO radars, electro- optical tracking systems and telemetry stations located along the coast of Odisha, " the sources said.
Sanjay Dutt is a doting dad. And that is not all. Sanjay and Maanayata are parents to twins, daughter Iqra and son Shahraan. The Khalnayak star says, " I have missed watching my kids grow up and so now all three of us do not seem to get enough of each other. Even amidst his busy schedule, Sanjay and Maanayata make it a point to be present at all such meetings.
One of the highlights of Modi- Putin meeting in St Petersburg was the deal between the two nations for two additional nuclear power reactors in Kudankulam, Tamil Nadu. It is difficult to say yet how much time they will take. On second day of his three- day stay in Russia, Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Russian President Vladimir Putin and both the leaders agreed to strengthen ties between the two old allies. Apart from this, Russia also said that it was preparing to supply S- 400 Triumf anti- aircraft missile systems to India, a move which would provide India a strategic edge over neighbouring countries Pakistan and China.
Director:   Seth Gordon Cast: Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron, Priyanka ChopraRating: ( 2. David Hasselhoff and Pamela Anderson have somewhat confusing cameos just for the sake of it; they play the same characters as they did in the original. Dwayne plays Mitch Buchanon ( originally played by David Hasselhoff) , the leader of the lifeguard squad consisting of Stephanie ( Ilfenesh Hadera) , CJ ( Kelly Rohrbach, stepping into Pamela Anderson' s shoes) , Summer ( Alexandra Daddario) , Matt Brody ( Zac Efron) and Ron ( Jon Bass) . . Visually, Baywatch looks great, with beautiful shots of the lifeguards diving into the crystalline water. you get it.
National Broadcasting Company ( NBC) journalist Megyn Kelly must be ruing the she did not do her homework properly before meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi in St. Petersburg. pic. com/ 3MJ3IoIhlH" Ohh really! . Are you on Twitter? " However, people on social media were not so forgiving to the NBC reporter as she was hammered online for her poor knowledge. Dear self- obsessed Americans, yes @ narendramodi is on Twitter and has more than 30 Million followers. ?
. Last week, proxy advisory firm Institutional Investor Advisory Services ( IiAS) had red- flagged the proposal saying Raymonds promoters and their extended family are trying to buy the premium property in Mumbai from the company at throwaway rates which will result in loss of over Rs 650 crore to the company and its shareholders. " Raymond is committed to protect shareholders interest. In the interest of all shareholders including minority shareholders, I would like to reinstate the fact that the company is taking all appropriate measures to safeguard the interests of stakeholders, " he added.
Therese Lawless, Vandermeyden? Although she had positive performance evaluations, she felt she had to transfer out of general assembly to the purchasing department, according to the lawsuit, which also said that Tesla retaliated against her for being a ? It? Lawless, who represented the former Reddit CEO Ellen Pao in her high- profile discrimination lawsuit, against the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, said she intended to file a formal retaliation complaint on behalf of Vandermeyden. ? Despite repeatedly receiving special treatment at the expense of others, Ms Vandermeyden nonetheless chose to pursue a miscarriage of justice by suing Tesla and falsely attacking our company in the press, ? s clear retaliation. . She added: ? I wonder if my badge is going to work. com
pic. Read more at FYI: 70- year- old farmer passed away after he was made to stand on one leg as atonement of calf' s deathTamil Nadu farmer protest: 9 antics used to grab attention of PM Narendra Modi and the mediaTamil Nadu farmers are running naked near PM Modi' s office. com/ sjVpFLBuMZWHAT ARE THE FARMERS PROTESTING FOR? Here' s why
The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Tuesday suspended the order for four weeks. It' s too dangerous keeping cows any more. Anyone can come and beat us, " he said while pushing this correspondent to close the deal over the phone. But there has been a sudden surge since the BJP swept to power in Uttar Pradesh in March with priest- turned politician Yogi Adityanath taking the chief minister' s post, and the rise of the gau rakshaks, or cow vigilantes. Environment minister Harsh Vardhan had said that cattle bought and sold directly from farms would not be affected by the government' s order. "
If you think the concept of period- shaming is not as rampant as it was a few years ago, then please allow us to help you snap out of your oblivious bubble. On informing her talent representative, Erika Seifred, about the situation and asking for a change of clothes and some time to freshen up, Rachel was- - against her will- - soon asked to go home and cater to her " period situation. " Also Read: This woman used period blood of nine months to paint an unborn child
INDIA' S DEPUTY HIGH COMMISSIONER SUMMONED  Meanwhile, Pakistan summoned India' s Deputy High Commissioner JP Singh in Islamabad following Army' s killing. India today responded to Pakistan' s provocation in Poonch and Nowshera sectors in Jammu and Kashmir by killing at least five Pakistan jawans and injuring six others in Bimber and Battal sectors. Sources in the Army told India Today that the firing was done in retaliation to Pakistan' s constant violation of ceasefire along the Line of Control. They are using small arms, automatics and mortars. "
Berlin? s unexpected death. her account. The move meant that photos and posts the girl had shared remained visible, and friends could pay tribute to her, but it was no longer possible to log in to the account. s court of appeal ruled on Wednesday that the parents of the teenager, who died in 2012 after falling in front of an underground train, had no claim to access her details or chat history. In its 2015 ruling, Berlin? ?
The attack will surely impact ties between the two ( Afghanistan, Pakistan) countries, " Siddiqui told India Today. The Haqqani Network is an Afghan insurgent terror outfit based in Pakistan' s Waziristan and has carried out many high- profile attacks on US forces, high ranking Afghan officials and foreigners in Afghanistan. Afghanistan has blamed Pakistan' s Inter- Services Intelligence ( ISI) and the banned terror group - the Haqqani network - for Wednesday' s deadly bomb blast in Kabul' s diplomatic area which killed at least 90 people and injured 300 others. A huge crater ripped into the ground at the site of the blast and shattered windows in houses more than a kilometre away were testament to the power of the explosion, which was set off by a bomb concealed in the tanker.
The results of the class 12 Bihar Board has once again stirred controversy as Humanities topper Ganesh Kumar is untraceable since the examination results were declared on Tuesday. A resident of Saraiya, Giridih in Jharkhand, Ganesh Kumar was a student of Ram Nandan Singh Jagdeep Narayan college in Samastipur, 250 kms from Giridih. He also secured 92 marks out of 100 in Hindi. When India Today contacted Ganesh' s family in Giridih, her sister Mukta said that he had left home almost four years back and did not go home all these years. "
The side boasted of a strong batting line- up with the likes of Sourav Ganguly, Sachin Tendulkar, Rahul Dravid, Ajay Jadeja and Robin Singh in the side. Once again the persistent rain denied a result and the trophy was awarded to both Sri Lanka and India. In the final, Sri Lanka posted 244/ 5 with Sanath Jayasuriya and Kumar Sangakkara scoring a fifty each. They managed to beat England in their first game but their star- studded batting continued to misfire and consecutive defeats against West Indies and Australia left them with just one win in the tournament. 2006 ICC Champions Trophy ( India) - GROUP STAGEIndia' s batting line- up failed to fire in the big tournament at home.
Also read: Salman Khan comes to the rescue of The Kapil Sharma Show; here is how According to reports, Kapil' s blood pressure had shot up, which was why he was feeling unwell.
However, their mutual respect was palpable. " The Aaj Tak Salaam Cricket 2017 brought together some of the most iconic names in the cricketing world and there were some expected fireworks right through the day, especially when the likes of Sourav Ganguly and Shane Warne came face- to- face with Michael Clarke watching on. However, Ganguly, who was present along with Clarke for the session titled " Warnie, Pup and Dada" show, reiterated that Warne was not as accepting of the tactic back in 2001: " Everytime I came out to bat , he would pitch the ball outside leg and remind me to play the game in the right spirit. " Warne said sledging Ganguly made the legendary Indian batsman more determined than ever: " I sledged him thinking I could get him out this time but that only made him more determined. The players I idolised I got to play with and against - it is a great example of why you play the game.
. 08. Our first priority is to solve the Netaji mystery, " said Chandra Kumar Bose and demanded an apology from the Ministry of Home Affairs for " such an irresponsible act" . " This report is available at mha. The RTI applicant also asked how many files on Netaji have been declassified by the ministry. in.
Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma of Rajasthan High Court has set social media on fire saying peacock is India' s national bird because the bird does not have sex to reproduce. But as cow is becoming the single most important source of controversies in the nation, of course other than assault on women, many people feel cow should be India' s national animal. HOW DO MYTHOLOGICAL PEACOCKS MATE? Male peacocks even dances before the female peacock to impress and to get an indication of consent unlike many human beings. INTERNET TRUMPS JUSTICE SHARMASince internet is internet, it does not disappoint. Because, internet.
Pune, May 31 ( PTI) FITE has requested the Maharashtra Labour Commissioner to order Tech Mahindra to stop illegal removals of IT employees immediately, and establish conciliation between the management and staff. " . However, Tech Mahindra has denied the claims of layoffs saying, " We continue to implement strategies to meet the changing demands of business in the current global economic environment.
DIFFERENCE WITH MADRAS HIGH COURTWhen Advocate General CP Sudhakara Prasad pointed out the ruling of the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court had stayed the new order, the Chief Justice expressed surprise. Youth Congress activist Sunil, who filed the PIL, withdrew it after the hearing. The Kerala High Court observed that there was nothing in the new central law on cattle trade and slaughter that takes away the rights of people with regard to eating beef. " In Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT) Madras, a group of students conducted a beef festival, showing their agitation against the Centre' s order. Also read:
When DNA asked Katrina about it, she said, " With every film, comes a speculative story announcement! It was also being said that Deepika Padukone was supposed to be SRK' s other leading lady, but speculation was rife that she was dropped on Katrina' s insistence and Alia was roped in instead. After Tiger Zinda Hai with Salman Khan and Thugs of Hindostan with Aamir Khan, reports suggested that Kat has signed Aanand L Rai' s next with Shah Rukh Khan. That' s the one aspect of my life I never play around with because that is my work at the end of the day, and a place where one must behave in an absolutely professional manner and till the time it is confirmed and signed, I do not believe it is right to discuss or talk about it. "
20 years ago, Salman Khan entertained the audiences with his dual avatar in David Dhawan' s hit film Judwaa. They will begin the final leg of shoot in Mumbai next month with Salman joining them for a few hours, " the source added. The final leg of shooting of Judwaa 2 will begin in June. " The team recently wrapped up the London schedule.
Mishra, who served as Water Supply minister, was removed from the post after he claimed that he has evidence to show that Arvind Kejriwal and his cabinet colleague Satyendra Jain were involved in corruption. But I am not afraid of them. Kejriwal and Satyendra Jain are corrupt and have been exposed. ALSO  READ:   Kapil Mishra ' exposes' Arvind Kejriwal: All you need to know about the charges against Aam Aadmi PartyKirti Azad to Kapil Mishra: Why parties have become more tolerant of their rebel lawmakersKapil Mishra says Kejriwal govt improperly procured medicines, over paid for ambulances 74 crore in its bank accounts during the financial year 2013- 2014.
They will fly in loops at more than 160 kilometres per hour. London, May 29 ( PTI) Scientists are building the worlds first wind farm powered by giant kites in Britain that could generate enough electricity to run 5, 500 homes. Scotland- based company Kite Power Systems ( KPS) has successfully tested a 40 kilowatt version.
Actor Priyanka Chopra met Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Berlin and posted about the " lovely coincidence" on Facebook. Also read: Priyanka Chopra slammed for being insensitive towards refugees and immigrants because of her T- shirtThe users advised her to cover her legs, wear either a salwar kameez or saree, and basically just be ' decently' dressed as that is the only way she can be respectful towards the prime minister. ? ©ð? Here are some ' progressive' comments people wrote on Priyanka' s post:
Hola Espana! Modi will also call on King Felipe VI of Spain. Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in the Spanish capital today on the second leg of his six- day, four- nation tour aimed at boosting bilateral economic engagement with them and inviting more investment for India' s transformation. " twitter.
Under Kumble' s watch, India were nearly unbeatable in the home Test season - losing only one of 13, winning 10 and drawing two. In the decade that followed, the likes of Tendulkar, Zaheer Khan and Harbhajan Singh have spoken out about the tough times the team endured under Chappell. However, the BCCI initiated a hunt for a new coach and many felt it was because the board was unhappy with his role in salary negotiations for the players with the CoA. Unlike Chappell, however, Kumble, has delivered the results.
After holding talks on wide- ranging issues like trade, skill development, cyber security and terrorism, PM Modi also called for " outcome- oriented" momentum in Indo- German ties and a " quantum jump" in economic relations of both nations. INDIA A RELIABLE PARTNER On her part, Merkel said India has proved to be a reliable partner and the two sides have been able to deepen cooperation. We had wide ranging discussions today. Modi received a guard of honour and was welcomed as the the music choir of the German Army played the Indian National Anthem.
It never sustained, " he told PTI. " Whenever there is a downturn, there is always noise about unions coming into play in the IT industry but it never sustained, ex- Chief Financial Officer of Infosys Ltd, V Balakrishnan told PTI. " But I think even if there is a union, I dont think it will impact the industry much because IT industry is one of the best paymasters in the country and second, the people find opportunities outside" , he said. . Y2K came up. 2008 financial crisis.
The raiding party included Army, Special Operations Groups and state police troops. But when the troops poured in petrol in the third house around 8: 15 am, the two ran out of the house and tried to breach the cordon, " the sources said. STONE PELTERS TO RESCUE? Senior Army sources, privy to the operation in which Bhat was cornered and neutralised in Tral area of Kashmir' s Pulwama district last Saturday, told Mail Today that the 27- year- old terrorist remained in hiding for nearly 10 hours, without firing a single bullet at the troops. However, in Sabzar' s case, they were tracking him directly and were sure about his presence in the Tral area. Also Read
32 per cent in 2015 and 67. Chairman, BSEB told India Today that this year they got the answer sheet of toppers from all the three streams re- evaluated and reviewed by a committee before arriving at the final list of toppers. " 2per cent) . 13 per cent this year. 6 per cent) . Kushboo Kumari from Simultala School in Jamui topped in the Science stream securing 431 marks out of 500 ( 86. ac.
In an interview to BollywoodLife. But Khiladi Kumar, who has been in the industry for over two decades now, is unfazed by the clash. Clash is going to happen. From Dilwale and Bajirao Mastani to Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and Shivaay to Raees and Kaabil, Bollywood saw some of the biggest films take on each other at the ticket windows recently. Nearly 52.
RComs net debt stood at a whopping Rs 44, 345. 30 crore as on March 31 this year. RCom has formally advised all its lenders that it will be making repayment of an aggregate amount of Rs 25, 000 crore from the proceeds of these two transactions, on or before September 30, 2017, " RCom said in a statement. Bleeding from an intense tariff war, RCom posted a loss of Rs 948 crore for the fourth quarter ended March 2017 compared to a net profit of Rs 79 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year.
The injured have been admitted to a hospital. Captain Kailash Gurung died and two others sustained injuries in the accident at Kolti airport in Bajura district, about 700 kilometres west of Kathmandu, Nepal Army said. By Shirish B Pradhan Kathmandu, May 30 ( PTI) The pilot of a small cargo plane of the Nepal Army was killed and two crew members injured when the aircraft overshot the runway during an emergency landing in western Nepal today, the second accident involving a cargo aircraft in less than a week in the Himalayan nation.
After thorough research, Lonely Planet India awarded destinations across the world, in several categories, as per the experience they offer to tourists. Destinations in India won accolades for their immmense contribution to tourism. Karnataka ( Best Destination for Culture) , Maharashtra ( Best Destination for Adventure) , Madhya Pradesh ( Best Destination for Wildlife) , Himachal Pradesh ( Best Destination for Family) , Goa ( Best Destination for Relaxation) , Tamil Nadu ( Best Destination for Value) , Lucknow - Uttar Pradesh ( Best Destination for Food & Drink) , New Delhi ( Best Destination for Shopping) , Munnar - Kerala ( Best Destination for Romance) , Rajasthan ( Best Destination for Indulgence) and Meghalaya ( Best Emerging Destination) were among the awarded tourist hubs at a national level.
PREVIOUS ACTSMinistry officials said the previous Right of Persons with Disabilities Act 1995 mentions only seven categories with people having 40per cent and above disability getting full benefits. The ministry therefore formed a committee to review how to assess and measure the exiting as well as the proposed disability percentage in a person and accordingly entitlements would be given to the person, " the official said. We are making it more clear and stringent so that people with serious disability ( 40per cent and above) do not get neglected, " the official said. This committee also formed sub- committees with experts from AIIMS, NIMHANS, Safdarjung and Ram Manohar Lohia. Also Read
Oh my gosh, the girl is walking. Good gracious! " 3 million shares on Facebook, shows a midwife craddling the newborn girl across her chest with one arm and is amazed to see the baby walk on her own. " Also read:
The show got 4. This week, however, was comparatively good for this once- popular show, as it registered an increase of 1 million impressions, according to BARC India' s latest data. 4 million impressions.
If Shahid Kapoor' s brother has made headlines for grabbing a project with Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi, the 21- year- old actor' s personal life too has also caught the fancy of many. If reports are to be believed, Shahid does not want Ishaan' s personal life to take away the focus from his debut film Beyond The Clouds. Ishaan Khatter is in news for his Bollywood debut as much as for his link- up rumours. However, details of her big screen debut have been kept under the wraps.
And Khiladi Kumar recently took everyone by surprise when he made a special appearance at the screening of ex- girlfriend Pooja Batra' s Mirror Games. Akshay, who is rumoured to have dated Pooja back in the early 90s, made a surprise visit at the screening of Mirror Games which also stars Pooja. Akshay dropped Twinkle at the airport and stopped by at the screening. ( Photos: Yogen Shah)
com/ ITrepEkSqqBefore the match against New Zealand, Dhawan also posted a video of him and his Delhi teammate, Kohli - - singing and dancing in the bus before their practice session. ? . After beating New Zealand by 45 runs via the Duckworth- Lewis ( D/ L) method in a rain- curtailed warm- up match at the Oval on Sunday, Virat Kohli, MS Dhoni, Ajinkya Rahane, Kedar Jadhav, Umesh Yadav and a few other Indian cricketers, were seen chilling enjoying dinner at a London restaurant. @ BCCI@ ashwinravi99@ DineshKarthikpic. ð? ³ # IndvNZpic. ³ vs ð?
Shame. And going to school on a cycle was a trend those days and also a privilege not everyone had. . My friends from CJM ( Convent of Jesus and Mary) would probably understand the lies a bit better ( sic) . "
Our government has not yet banned red beacon. Despite the Centre' s ban, West Bengal PWD Minister Arup Biswas and Chairman of Siliguri Jalpaiguri Development Authority ( SJDA) on Monday were seen using red beacons atop their vehicles. " The notification issued in pursuance of powers conferred on the Central Government under sub- rule 4 of rule 108 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989 said that the multi- coloured light shall not be put to use when the vehicle is not on the designated duty. Only vehicles of emergency services such as fire brigade and ambulances are exempted from the new rule and allowed to use blue beacons.
Five shirts and two trousers were found in a wheat flour bag, with ' Jammu' on written on it, at a secluded place near the Defence Road. Punjab: High alert in Pathankot, search Op being conducted by police SWAT team & Army after a suspicious bag containing 3 uniforms was found pic. twitter. They killed seven persons, including a Superintendent of Police, before they were gunned down.
Such elements have no place in Congress. What happened in Kerala yesterday is thoughtless, barbaric and completely unacceptable to me and the Congress Party. Hours after party vice- president Rahul Gandhi strongly condemned party' s youth unit workers slaughtering a cow in Kannur, Kerala, the Congress today suspended workers who organised the protest event. " The incident comes after a ' Beef fest' was organised across  Kerala by the Congress and the Left on Sunday to protest the Centre' s ban.
Kannada film director Madan and four others were arrested for allegedly abducting an advertising agency owner over a money transaction, police said on Saturday. 3 lakh for promoting his Kannada film Eradu Kanasu through advertisements. " As the latter was avoiding the director, the other four accused were sent to meet the victim on the pretext of discussing the issue and kidnapped him on Wednesday, " said Anucheth. Unhappy with the agency' s work, Madan asked Paramesh to return Rs 8 lakh.
Stating that Pakistan' s economy has grown to over USD 300 billion, finance minister Ishaq Dar presented the annual budget at the National Assembly, hiking the expenditure on defence by 7 per cent. 8 billion and Rs 860 billion in in 2016- 17. Experts also say that though Pakistan Army has been rooting out terrorism from its own soil, through military operations Zarb- e- Azb, Khyber- I, Khyber- II and now Rad- ul- Fasad, tensions between India and Pakistan have only increased. ( With inputs from PTI) Also Read
. People are throwing stones at us, people are throwing petrol bombs at us. It is a dirty war. Rawat told PTI that when people were throwing stones and petrol bombs at Army personnel, he cannot tell his men to ' just wait and die' . " Army' s role is to ensure that violence does not take place and the common man who is not indulging in this ( violence) is protected, " he said, when asked about the solution to the Kashmir issue. I always tell my people, things will go wrong, but if things have gone wrong and you did not have malafide intent, I am there, " he said. HUMAN SHIELD CONTROVERSY The Army chief' s statements come days after Major Leetul Gogoi of the 53 Rashtriya Rifles was awarded a Commendation Card by General Rawat for the former' s role in countering insurgency in Kashmir. A video of the incident, shared by former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, went viral on social media and caused a huge controversy, forcing the Army to set up a Court of Inquiry into the incident.
But then, the Uri attacks happened in September last year. The surgical strikes followed. Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif are meanwhile shooting for Tiger Zinda Hai, the sequel to their 2012 blockbuster Ek Tha Tiger. While KJo' s next directorial will be with Ranbir Kapoor, he wants to produce a film with Salman and Katrina in the lead as he finds their chemistry sizzling.
Given Sushant' s good looks and his new- found success, it is understandable that women would like to hit on him these days. Probably. . Sushant Singh Rajput is currently on cloud number nine. So I do not get it many times but there are times when I do understand.
Los Angeles, May 28 ( PTI) Supermodel Miranda Kerr has tied the knot with Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel in a private ceremony on Saturday. The wedding celebration was held at their LAs Brentwood neighborhood, confirmed People magazine.
With tremendous love and respect for each other, and the 18 years we spent together as a couple, we have made the decision to separate. Zoolander actor Ben Stiller and his wife Christine Taylor said on Friday they had decided to separate after 18 years together. " Our priority will continue to be raising our children as devoted parents and the closest of friends.
She was informed that she has been nominated to represent India at the Little Miss Universe 2017 in the US, and Little Miss World contest in Greece. " twitter. It is a pageant where you can promote your talent and culture" , Odisha TV quoted Padmalaya Nanda after meeting Naveen Patnaik. I am very confident and fully prepared for the final event.
Its a misconception that theres a nexus between underworld and Bollywood. Asked whether it is hard not to glorify someone, especially when one is making a film on gangsters, Varma says, " Gabbar Singh is the most loved character, but I dont know if a single person got inspired to become a dacoit in Chambal valley after seeing Sholay. Why would the underworld have any problem with anyone making a film. " The director, known for making several gangster- dramas like " Satya" , " Company" and " D" , says he has never been at the receiving end of the underworld because of his films. " If I am still alive that means I am not at the receiving end.
Karan Johar distributed Baahubali 2: The Conclusion and its predecessor in Hindi. " Speaking about the blockbuster success of Baahubali 2, Karan said, " I feel short of words when I speak about Baahubali. Meanwhile, Baahubali 2: The Conclusion is expected to release in China soon. ( With inputs from IANS )
Now it is Kapil Sharma himself taking a jab at the incident. Recently Ali Asgar was seen teasing Sunil Grover about the plane incident on Sony TV' s Sabe Bada Kalakar. To which he says, " Main flight mein nahi bolta aajkal. "
The script is not ready yet and once that is done, the producer will give the actress a full narration and get her dates blocked for the film, " a source was quoted as saying. Made on a modest budget, the film went on to earn thrice its budget, and brought its director Sriram Raghavan ( Ek Hasina Thi, Johnny Gaddaar) much- needed commercial success. Dinesh has bounced the idea off to Deepika and she has loved it. It' s a character- driven role, just like Varun' s was in Badlapur.
Our press reports every incident. Union Minister for Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi has slammed the media for reporting the Jewar incident in which a man was killed. A relative of the women was killed by the accused. Initial medial report ruled out gangrape in Jewar incident. Press in other countries do not report molestation anymore. "
He said, " Forgive me, if I am wrong. We have been cornered. " In another audio clip that India Today accessed, an aide of Sabzar Bhat is heard saying, " As you know there is an encounter going on in Tral. Sabzaar Bhat, after Tral encounter pic. Apart from Bhat, two more militant have been killed and at least one is believed to be trapped in the area under barrage of heavy fire from the Indian security forces.
The main issue in 2017 is the chronic under- funding of grassroots. Cricket Australia chief James Sutherland believes the revenue- share model which the body is trying to dump in its ongoing pay negotiations with players is " starving" the grassroots of the game of funding. The players, through their union, have remained steadfastly opposed to such a change but Sutherland says it is essential if the grassroots of the game is to get the investment it needs. " That must change. " auscricket.
There was an officer whose name ( mentioned on his nameplate) was SN Siddharth. Tejpal Singh says his visit to UP CM Yogi Adityanath' s Gorakshnath Peeth could have turned into a nightmare if the 56- year- old had not gathered courage to resist the cops and put his point " blatantly" . " He asked me as to why I am carrying a knife. After all the ruckus, Singh was finally let in. "
Now, Abhishek Kapoor himself has confirmed exclusively to India Today that Sara Ali Khan will indeed be making her Bollywood debut opposite Sushant Singh Rajput in a film called Kedarnath. Cinema has changed since and she is also realised there is a lot of angst in the profession, specially if you have not quite arrived yet. I worry about that, but what can I do? , " Saif said.
79 crore in 2015- 16 and basic salary was Rs 2. 2 crore. 18 lakh. Calculated on daily basis, her cost to the company was Rs 2.
He retains an 11. Indeed, one of the company? Rolls has cashed out to the tune of £ 100m, because he also sold a £ 12m tranche of shares last year. but that is still nearly 13 times its £ 1. 5m. Though the company started out with tonic water, it has expanded to include variants on the drink, as well as Sicilian lemonade and ginger ale. ?
West Indies spinner Sunil Narine became the first bowler in T20 cricket history to bowl a maiden in a super over. The scores were tied after the stipulated 20 overs a side, with Red Steel 118/ 8 and Guyana Amazon Warriors at 118/ 9. But the name change did not prove lucky for the team.
This picture of Shah Rukh Khan' s son Aryan Khan with Sara Ali Khan makes us want to see them on 70mm ASAP. With SRK in the picture too, it seems King Khan managed to have broken the ice between Aryan and Sara. But that does not seem to be the case anymore.
Two BAT terrorists were killed in the operation, " an army official said. . The operation is still on, the sources added. More details awaited.
Itna bada pradesh hai, humne kabhi zero crime ki baat nahi ki thi. Lekin koi bhi apraadhi ho, use saza milegi. A day after the horrific murder and gangrape incident at the Jewar- Bulandshahr road off the Yamuna Expressway, a top minister in the Yogi Adityanath government said today that ensuring zero crime in a state as big as Uttar Pradesh is an improbable task. " ( With PTI inputs)
We find it extremely unsavoury and disrespectful when people from the industry belittle someone' s hard work by using words like " copied" , " plagiarised" nonchalantly and jump to conclusions merely on the basis of a 2 minute and 14 second trailer, without verifying the facts or waiting for the film to release for the public to give its verdict. " Ever since the trailer of Raabta released, fans could not help but draw comparisons between Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon- starrer and the 2009 Telugu film Magadheera. Rajkummar Rao has a guest appearance in the film. twitter.
This photo. # Omen? ? Trump and Pope Francis had a history of public feuds which clearly reflected during their much awkward meeting at the Vatican. s unnerving. Scary, eh? .
Thanks to demonetisation the Indian economy is running with Rs 5 lakh crores less than the amount of cash that would have been present in the economy had demonetisation not happened. Mail Today has exclusively been able to access this report which has been prepared as part of the internal assessments carried out to mark the third anniversary of the Modi government.
I am happy to be elected as a member. The Chinese player became a member of the Athletes' Commission in 2015 but resigned following her retirement from badminton last year, thus leaving a casual vacancy on the Commission. pic. These three will replace Yuhan Tan ( Belgium) , Hans- Kristian Solberg Vittinghus ( Denmark) and Greysia Polii ( Indonesia) who have concluded their four- year terms.
With photos of Maharashtra' s water resources minister Girish Mahajan at the wedding of Dawood Ibrahim' s kin getting circulated, the Congress has upped the ante and demanded his resignation. " if they went to get some inputs on Dawood or because they are relatives of the family. . Dawood is an international criminal.
. Story plagiarism charge. Raabta, has been directed by Dinesh Vijan. pic. The makers of Telugu film Magadheera approached the Hyderabad court on Wednesday to seek injunction against the release of the Hindi film Raabta starring Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sanon.
Singer Celine Dion' s sleeves on the gown she adorned for the Billboard Music Awards this year were packed with tissue paper, according to her stylist, Law Roach. It came in a huge box. com.
The tweet which now has been deleted, talked about the incident of an army officer strapping a protester to his jeep as a " human shield" against stone pelters in Kashmir. Famous actor and BJP lawmaker Paresh Rawal alleged today that he was " coerced by Twitter" into removing a tweet targeting author Arundhati Roy. More importantly, I maintain that I ardently love my country and support my country unwaveringly, I stand by and will continue to stand by the citizens and Indian armed forces under any situation and at any cost. "
Krazzzzy Four # famjam# londondiariespic. twitter. Reports were doing the rounds that she will be seen with her husband Kunal in the Go Goa Gone sequel. Kunal told Pinkvilla, " Yes it is true.
I am equipped enough to do so. The two warm- up games ( vs New Zealand, vs Bangladesh) will give me an indication on how well I go in the tournament, " Ashwin said on the sidelines of the CEAT Tyres annual awards function. " There have been rule changes to what ICC has done to one day format, and there is no point in going with same set of skills time and again, unless the game change your skill or let the game take the demand out of you. " Ashwin feels that one needs to prepare keeping placid wickets in mind. "
Virat and Suresh are the best dancers and singers, " Ashwin spoke about the liveliness in the dressing room. On being asked about the kind of wickets he is expecting and the team' s mindset regarding the competition, Ashwin said, " Limited overs format is generally not for bowlers. I expect placid wickets. I believe the way to handle pressure is to take one game at a time and we are not thinking about being defending champions. "
The officer had taken charge as Saharanpur' s senior superintendent of police ( SSP) on April 27. While SSP Muzaffarnagar Babloo Kumar has been asked to camp in Saharanpur, Pramod Kumar Pandey is tipped to be the new DM of Saharanpur. The Home Secretary and three other senior government officials were flown to violence- hit Saharanpur on Tuesday night to monitor the law and order situation in the area.
? ð? # respectwomenpic. A day after the video went viral, several celebrities including Nagarjuna, Naga Chaitanya and Rakul Preet Singh have slammed the actor for his insensitive remarks. That' s why I said woman are harmless and that is why we sleep with them. No.
. Bond said bowlers cannot do without variety in the current scenario where every alternate game ends up being a run feast. " That philosophy has now gone out the window, " he explained. The slow bowlers specifically are resorting to a more negative line of bowling, not because they want to but because they have to, " he said. " The yorker is not just one of the most difficult balls to bowl, the margin for error is also extremely small.
The film, a cinematic adaptation of MT Vasudevan' s book Randamoozham, is reportedly going to be made on a budget of Rs 1000 crore, the highest for any Indian film so far. We are happy but the Hindus here have a condition - only a film which is close to the story of real Mahabharatham written by Vyasan should carry its name. No other movie can be named Mahabharatham. Veda Vyasan also has his rights, " she said.
Also read: Meet Thailand' s Uncle Fat: Obese monkey kept on diet after gorging on junk foodThe onlookers were shocked to see such a rare scenario as the cows made their way into the shopping complex. The customers at a shopping centre in Surgut, Russia were left baffled when they saw a cow- brigade crashing a mall through the parking area.
An Islamabad High Court bench, headed by Justice Mohsin Akhtar Kayani, returned Uzma her original immigration form. The court also ordered that police provide security to the Indian woman till the Wagah border, Geo News reported. Tahir had filed a petition, asking the court to arrange a meeting with Uzma and also stop her from going back to India.
The Indian Air Force said there was no was air space violation by Pakistan as it flew fighter jets near Siachen. Though the Indian Army did not give much operational details of the retributive assault across the Line of Control ( LoC) against Pakistan Army positions in Naushera sector of Jammu and Kashmir which were " aiding" infiltration, sources in the force said the strike was carried out on May 9, nine days after two Indian security personnel were beheaded. In the present scenario, there is an ever persistent sub- conventional threat. ( With inputs from PTI) ALSO READ:
In a breather for India, the ICJ had on May 18 stayed the execution of 46- year- old Jadhav, who was sentenced to death last month by a Pakistan military court that convicted him of alleged spying and subversive activities. Pakistan' s Foreign Affairs Advisor Sartaj Aziz said Islamabad, with a new team of lawyers, will put forward its case against letting off Jadhav. Amid anger at home over losing the first round in the world court, Pakistan had last Friday filed a plea in the ICJ for it to rehear the case within six weeks, after the Nawaz Sharif government was slammed by the opposition for " mishandling" the case. ALSO READ | Kulbhushan Jadhav case: Pakistan asks ICJ for early hearing after losing Round One to India
Yes, it is true. With an aim to assist and help people in the malls or on the streets, the robocop is the latest smart addition to the force and has been designed to help us fight crime, keep the city safe and improve happiness levels, " a Gulf News report quotes Brigadier Khalid Nasser Al Razouqi, General Director of the Smart Services Department at Dubai Police. Apart from being able to chat with people, the robocop can also shake your hand and offer a millitary salute. # GISEC2017pic. twitter.
The hybrid aircraft dubbed the Airlander 10 combines technology from airplanes, helicopters and airships. On May 10, the Airlander 10 flew for a total of 180 minutes to test the aircrafts handling, improved landing technology and more, according to Hybrid Air Vehicles, the British company that built the aircraft. The flight test team was " very pleased" with its initial analysis of the Airlander 10, the company said.
Superstar Rajinikanth may have resorted back to his acting career and is leading a normal life after dropping hints to join politics, but all is not peaceful in Tamil Nadu. The cops finally put out the fire, removed the effigy and arrested 17 members of the group. Down down, Kannadiga actor Rajnikanth. Close to 50 Rajinikanth fans assembled near Periyar Bus stand and burnt Veeralakshmi' s effigy raising slogans against anyone who opposed Rajinikanth' s entry into politics. The question is when?
New Delhi, May 23 ( PTI) In a major relief to students who have just taken Class 12 examinations, the Delhi High Court today directed the CBSE to follow its moderation policy of giving grace marks to students for difficult questions. The court asked the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) to continue with the policy which was in place when the examination forms were submitted last year.
From K J M Varma Beijing, May 23 ( PTI) Chinese e- commerce giant Alibabas delivery arm Cainiao Network has announced USD 7. Cainiao said a computing system, powered by the Internet, will analyse real- time orders and design the most efficient routes for its delivery fleet.
34am BST 08: 34  Kim WillsherThe French president, Emmanuel Macron, has expressed his ? . 8. We have to ensure that terrorism never wins so business as usual as much as possible, communities coming together ? I remember it very vividly. com/ THHp0rWxd8Updated at 8. 00am BST 08: 00  The Lee Rigby Foundation, which offers support for bereaved families in memory of the soldier who was murdered by terrorists in 2013, has tweeted its shock and sorrow at last night? 40am BST   8. https: / / t. co/ kxXmdXCryBUpdated at 8. Updated at 8. ? t have words.
Her dad? s dead. I don? 7. ll get in contact if we see her. s Today programme, where she began by saying when she last talked to her daughter: She was at the concert. Updated at 7. 24am BST 07: 24  The US president Donald Trump, on a visit to Israel, is being updated on the situation in Manchester, White House spokesman Sean Spicer has confirmed: National Security Team is providing updates to @ POTUS on situation in # manchesterexplosionUpdated at 7. 52am BST   7. t win. This has been the most horrific incident we have had to face in Greater Manchester and one that we all hoped we would never see.
The keyword here is ' size' . Seeing this, one of the other hunters shot the elephant swinging Botha by its trunk, but they probably did not see how this could end. A professional South African hunter in Zimbabwe, who specialised in ' big game' hunting, ended up being crushed to death under an elephant that had been shot. Needless to say, Botha did not survive the crush.
The flight AI- 669 took off at 2. An Air India Mumbai- Bhubaneshwar flight was forced to make an emergency landing shortly after take- off due to suspected smoke in the cockpit here on Monday, officials said. Also read: Air India flight overshoots runway at Pune airport, all passengers safe
6 million new births from 1991 to 2016, less than the official figure of 464. China' s population may be smaller than the official 1. Yi said " there were 377. 37 billion. Yi, who has been a critic of the Chinese government' s family planning measures and warned of an upcoming ageing crisis for China, said that the government had overstated China' s population since 1990.
5 times the cost of the first 60 helicopters. The progress of the deal may come up for discussion during the meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow planned early next month. Under a Indo- Russian governmental agreement, India is buying 200 Kamov 226 T helicopters of which 60 would be built in Russia and supplied directly to the forces while the remaining 140 would be manufactured in a joint venture between Kamov and HAL along with a private sector partner. " Sources said there seemed to be a minor issue over the interpretation of the clauses on the transfer of technology for the Kamov choppers as during one of the meetings, the Russians proposed to supply the 140 choppers to built in India as complete knocked- down and semi- knocked down kits - which would mean that the choppers would only be assembled and not built in India. 2 billion ( over Rs 7, 000 crore) in 2014.
The Ranchi Nagar Nigam has upped the ante with its posters on sanitation and building toilets. An injured Amitabh can be seen in Dharmendra' s arms, who asks him how he got so injured. A photo of the poster was shared on Facebook by Congress leader Abhishek Singhvi.
s Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre. added Bilak. In China, 7. In May last year, the UN proposed ( pdf) that governments commit to reducing the number of internally displaced people by at least 50% by 2030. ? If you redirect attention to the countries of origin and to really understanding the driving forces of these movements it would be a much more strategic approach and investment, ? he said. s authors noted.
ultimate peace deal? s arrival, Netanyahu said: ? s problems at home are also seen by some as having cast a pall over the proceedings, with Dan Shapiro, the former US ambassador to Israel under Barack Obama, predicting: ? Israel? He has been quite clear about that and he will be clear about that during the visit. ultimate deal? He was also pretty direct with President Abbas regarding what they need to do regarding incitement and the payments to families of terrorists. ? the official said. said Schanzer.
New Delhi, May 22 ( PTI) The monthly subscriber report released by telecom regulator Trai for March shows that Reliance Jios low price 4G mobile service scheme Prime is not driving demand for its connections, while incumbents have gained, UBS Securities Asia said. " 99 million customers in the reported month. 07 million new customers. Vodafone added 1. 9 per cent in February.
Also read: Heartwarming: US YouTuber distributes McDonald cheeseburgers among the homelessJust like Reliance Jio, the chaatwalla' s business is also in great demand now. A chaatwalla from Gujarat who got inspired from Reliance Jio' s 4G plans came out with panipuri schemes to lure his customers. He also introduced Jio- themed panipuri stalls to attract customers.
exceptionally sized? s gems. They came in with the idea that it might be real and they had no idea of its value, ? The diamond is thought to have been cut in the 19th century but its history and how it arrived at the car boot sale are unknown. incredibly excited. It? she said. ? .
He picked up a couple on Friday night around 10. The couple then de- boarded the taxi and started damaging the vehicle by repeatedly kicking it, the driver said. ' Another witness has come forward to testify on behalf of the cab driver and has presented a video footage of the incident. He was repeatedly kicked and punched on the ground as the male passenger said, " You f* * * * * * Indian, you deserve it. "
High time. BJP MP Shatrughan Sinha came out in support of Lalu Prasad Yadav and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, and slammed those who indulge in negative politics and mudslinging on political opponents.   " The actor- turned politician, known to be a vocal critic of the Narendra Modi government, said political parties cannot just feed media with one- night stories and sensational news. 1> 2" High to substantiate your claims. . or pack up!
It says: ? Monika Bickert, ? Using thousands of slides and pictures, Facebook sets out guidelines that may worry critics who say the service is now a publisher and must do more to remove hateful, hurtful and violent content. We have a really diverse global community and people are going to have very different ideas about what is OK to share. ? s largest censor. videos of the violent deaths of humans. Facebook? s secret rules and guidelines for deciding what its 2 billion users can post on the site are revealed for the first time in a Guardian investigation that will fuel the global debate about the role and ethics of the social media giant. Facebook conceded that ? . newsworthy exceptions? share yourself?
Terrorism has spread all across the world. United States President Donald Trump, during his speech at the Arab- Islamic- US summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, acknowledged that India is a victim of terrorism and said, without explicitly naming Pakistan, that every country must ensure that terrorists do not find sanctuaries within their borders. " . Drive them out! Trump signed deals worth nearly $ 400 billion. ( With agency inputs)
According to police, the man identified as Sheikh Nabi, a resident of Mumbai, was detained during routine patrol in F- 8 area of the capital on May 19 after he failed to produce any travel or visa documents. However, he could not produce any documents and was taken into police custody. Meanwhile, the Ministry of External Affairs has said that it is ascertaining facts regarding the arrest of the Indian held in Islamabad, allegedly for incomplete travel documents. ( With inputs from PTI) Also read: Madhya Pradesh: Two naxal funding operatives arrested in Balaghat
Both bar associations are of the view that in light of the Supreme Court' s ruling on the Panama Papers case ( that questioned the moral authority of the premier to rule) , PM Nawaz Sharif should no longer hold his office and should therefore resign, " a joint statement issued by the both bar associations said after their convention in Lahore. Police were called in to control the situation. " ( With inputs from agencies) Also Read: Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif feels the heat as Opposition slams government for mishandling Kulbhushan Jadhav' s case at ICJ Sharif and his family have denied any wrongdoing.
The subject, many felt, was similar to Hollywood' s Pirates Of The Caribbean series. Even my character in the film is not similar to any other character, " he said. Talking about his leading lady in Thugs Of Hindostan and onscreen daughter in Dangal, Fatima Sana Shaikh, Aamir said, " Fatima is the heroine of the film. ( With inputs from IANS)
gov. In addition digitally signed migration certificates will also be made available to ISC candidates. " From this year, the council will also make digitally signed copies of the statement of marks and the pass certificates available to candidates via digilocker in addition to the traditional hard copies, Arathoon explained. CISCE has partnered with the department of electronics and information technology to extend the digilocker facility to Class 10( ICSE) and 12( ISC) examinations candidates in affiliated schools.
Jadhav, a former Indian Navy officer, was sentenced to death by a Pakistani military court in April this year on charges of espionage. Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf on Friday said that Kulbhushan Jadhav is a bigger terrorist than Ajmal Kasab, one of the perpetrators of the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, in which more than 150 people were killed. Who is a bigger culprit ( between Jadhav and Kasab) , " Musharraf rhetorically asked, before saying, " Obviously it is Jadhav. " This week, the World Court, allowing India' s plea, asked Pakistan not to execute Jadhav until the ICJ has had the time to hear the matter in full and arrive at a final verdict. THE KULBHUSHAN JADHAV ISSUE In April this year, Pakistan Army chief Qamar Javed Bajwa confirmed the death sentence handed to Kulbhushan Jadhav, accused of spying.
twitter. The girl' s family, upon finding their sanyasi in a bloodied state, rushed him to the Thiruvananthapuram Medical College, where he was declared to be in a " critical condition" . My mother invited Swami for conducting pooja and offering prayers three years ago. I was scared to resist him.
because the number of H- 1B visas that we have got, we will continue to get that, " she promised. . US President Donald Trump in April had signed an executive order for tightening the H- 1B visa programme to stop its " abuse" and ensure the visas are given to the " most- skilled or highest paid" petitioners, a decision that is seen to impact Indias USD 150 billion IT industry. No need of getting panicky. A mere 17 per cent of total US visas go to Indian companies and a number of American firms benefit from services provided by Indian firms, she noted.
Commenting on the outcome of the GST Council meeting that concluded today, CAIT Secretary General Praveen Khandelwal said that classification of goods under different tax slabs of GST are by and large fitted in the correct basket and it is expected that goods will become cheaper under the new indirect tax regime. " The CAIT further said that while the GST should be implemented from the scheduled date of July 1, the remaining nine months of the current fiscal " may be declared as trial period" and except habitual offenders, no action should be taken against traders for procedural mistakes. He pointed out that items like pickles, sauces, and instant mixer pertaining to food processing which are consumed by large number of people, have been placed under the higher tax rate of 18 per cent.
A 54- year- old swami in Kerala whose penis was cut off by a 22- year- old law student has now claimed that it was he himself " who chopped off his sexual organ" as it was " not useful" for him. The sanyasi' s comments are from the statement he gave Kerala Police after being charged under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences ( POSCO) Act for repeatedly raping the now 22- year- old woman over a period of seven years.
failsafe? s food supply forever. Fortunately, the meltwater did not reach the vault itself, the ice has been hacked out, and the precious seeds remain safe for now at the required storage temperature of - 18C. Isaksen told the Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet. ? It was not in our plans to think that the permafrost would not be there and that it would experience extreme weather like that, ? said Aschim.
When most Bollywood couples grow cold and distant after a separation, Hrithik and Sussanne have stunned almost everyone with their friendship. And despite the divorce, the two share a special bond and have stuck together as a family all this while. The report further reveals that Sussanne has been staying in a rented apartment with her two sons ever since her split with Hrithik. But now she will soon move into her new address.
My first reply was: ' But I am not going to act' . I continue to be slightly uncomfortable ( to talk about myself) . I had to speak with the whole family before coming out with this film. This film is about that. When Ravi ( Bhagchandka, producer) met me in 2012, his idea was that the life of other sports personalities have been covered so there should be a film on my life.
25 crore in Indian currency. Qureshi might have given " a 30 per cent reduction on his fees, besides covering the cost of two of his juniors' fees" , as he claims, the bottom line is, he is being slammed in Pakistan for mishandling the case and his high fees, even at 30 per cent discount, is not giving him any room to breathe easy because Pakistan has made Kulbhushan Jadhav' s case a prestige issue and the yesterday debacle saw a mourning like atmosphere there. 42. The ICJ decision yesterday, staying execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav by Pakistan till the case was underway in the UN court, saw a rush of tweets on how a highly paid but ill- prepared Pak lawyer could not stand the legal wisdom of Harish Salve who charged just Re 1.
Ram Gopal Varma is at it again. Thundering success of Telugu Bahubali2 in Karnataka being far bigger than biggest of Kannada films proves kannadigas have no pride at allKannadigas attempt to stop dubbing films is shattered by telugu straight film proving kannadigas have no pride n they just want better filmAll proud Kannadigas should protest on their own Kannadigas for seeing a telugu straight film many more times than their own Kannada filmsIt must be noted that Rajamouli faced stiff protest from pro- Kannada groups, demanding an apology for actor Sathyaraj' s ' insensitive' remarks about Kannadigas during the Cauvery water crisis. The Prabhas- starrer has raked in Rs 100 crore in Tamil Nadu, while it is touted to be the fastest film to earn Rs 50 crore in Kerala. Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah, Sathyaraj and Ramya Krishnan star in pivotal roles in this instalment of Baahubali too.
The search and rescue operation launched after an old bridge collapsed in South Goa on Thursday evening has been affected by the presence of crocodiles in the river. Bodies of two people have been recovered so far and several are still missing as divers are finding it difficult to go deep into the Sanvordem river due to fear of crocodiles in the water. The divers from Indian Navy and a private agency which mans Goa' s beaches, have been pressed into service to search for the bodies, " he said. Diving was stopped at around 3. A spokesman of the Indian Navy today said the collapsed part of the bridge was removed last night. "
Since Vineeth had failed to complete his probation before the extended period of two years i. e. up to May 6, 2016, his services had been terminated, the order stated. In the order issued by the AG' s office it has been stated that Vineeth' s services had been terminated with effect from May 7, 2016 under Rule 5 of central civil services ( temporary service) rules, and consolidated instructions on probation/ confirmation in central services. Reacting to his termination, Vineeth said he was yet to receive the order.
Karti is travelling as per earlier travel plans. Former finance minister P Chidambaram' s son Karti Chidambaram who is under CBI scanner for an alleged case of bribery and corruption, on Thursday left for London. " The government' s aim is to silence my voice and stop me from writing, as it has tried to do in the cases of leaders of opposition parties, journalists, columnists, NGOs and civil society organizations. Nothing can be proven against me and I have not done any crime. With inputs from PTI
Users can now pin up to three of the most important group or individual chats to the top of their chat list for easy access - - simply tap and hold a chat, and then tap the pin icon at the top of your screen, " WhatsApp said in a press release. Learn here. 1. Go to WhatsApp.
The decisions in this regard were taken by the respective cabinets of each state, in compliance with government policies, read a statement from the makers of the film. ( Tendulkar wants to dedicate ' Sachin A Billion Dreams' to father, brother) " We are pleased that ' Sachin: A Billion Dreams' is tax- free in the states of Kerala and Chhattisgarh, " said Ravi Bhagchandka, who has produced the film under the 200NotOut banner. " ( Tendulkar to India Today on his biopic: Fans will get to see my romance with Anjali)
In June 1970, he was invited to a six week workshop organised by the University of Chicago on Indian law research in Chicago, United States. He served as a senior judge in the Supreme Court of India from 2005 to 2012. # 7 Bombay High Court achieved the distinction of functioning on a full strength of 60 judges for the first time and on the recommendation of Justice Bhandari, the sanctioned strength of the Bombay High Court was increased from 60 to 75 judges. # 11 In December 2010. His citation read: " Man of mettle and integrity. Dr. Justice Dalveer Bhandari is known for delivering landmarks and innovative judgments in many branches of law. A staunch crusader for gender justice, equality rights and intellectual property rights.
While small petrol cars with engine less than 1200 cc will attract 1 per cent cess, that with a diesel engine of less than 1500 cc will attract 3 per cent cess, according to the list of items for cess posted on CBEC website late night. By Joyeeta Dey Srinagar, May 18 ( PTI) Get ready to pay a 204 per cent cess on pan masala gutkha while consumers of aerated water will pay just 12 per cent cess and people buying large cars have to cough up 15 per cent cess from July 1. The Centre and states have agreed to impose cess on demerit and luxury goods under the Goods and Services Tax regime, over and above the peak tax rate of 28 per cent. Non- filter cigarettes exceeding 65 mm but not exceeding 70 mm will attract cess of 5 per cent plus Rs 2, 876, that for filter cigarettes the levy is 5 per cent plus Rs 2, 126 per thousand sticks.
Amitabh Bachchan plays a 102- year- old man while Rishi Kapoor stars as his 75- year- old son in the upcoming comedy 102 Not Out. Based on the Gujarati play of the same name by writer Saumya Joshi, 102 Not Out revolves around Amitabh Bachchan' s character who is trying to break the record of being the oldest man alive in the world, a record held in the film by a Chinese man. AR Rahman is on music- composing duties.
I have my profession, my job. I lived in Karnataka for 23 years and Tamil Nadu for 43 years. I have some responsibilities and you have your jobs. I am a pure Tamil now, " the superstar said in Chennai. " With Tamil stalwarts like late J Jayalalithaa and ailing DMK supremo M Karunanidhi out of the picture in the current dispensation, Rajinikanth' s fans believe he is the only one who can effectively fill the political vacuum in the state. This system needs to be changed and a change has to be brought in the minds of people, then only will the country flourish, " he said. "
After suffering a major setback at the International Court of Justice in the Kulbhushan Jadhav death penalty case, Pakistan is set to replace the lawyers that represented the country at the World Court, Pakistani media reports said. PAK ARGUMENT REJECTEDPresident Judge Ronny Abraham, while delivering ICJ' s interim verdict on the Jadhav death penalty case, rejected Pakistan' s contention that the World Court has no jurisdiction on the matter. The ICJ, accepting India' s plea, said Pakistan must not hang Jadhav until the court hears the matter in full and that Islamabad must inform the World Court of the steps it has taken to ensure that the Indian national is not executed. Jadhav' s death sentence was confirmed by Pakistani army chief Qamar Javed Bajwa. What lies ahead
A 58- year- old Indian who was detained by American customs officials last week for not possessing necessary immigration documents while entering the country died in custody at an Atlanta hospital. Patel was transferred into the ICE custody last week at the Atlanta City Detention Center where he received an initial medical screening and was found to have high blood pressure and diabetes. The agency added that fatalities in its custody are " exceedingly rare" and occur at a fraction of the rate of the US detained population as a whole. Also Read: US: Indian- American doctor shot dead in Michigan; family denies hate crime angle
Claiming the India has the fastest growing nuclear programme in the world, Pakistan foreign office spokesperson Nafees Zakaria told reporters in Islamabad that India' s nuclear aspirations pose a threat to strategic stability in the south Asian region. " INDIA RETHINKING NO FIRST USE NUCLEAR POLICY' Pakistan' s statement regarding India enhancing its nuclear capability has come just days after reports suggested that New Delhi may be rethinking its nuclear doctrine. He also pointed out that India' s preemptive strike may not be conventional strikes and would also be aimed at Pakistan' s missiles launchers for tactical battlefield nuclear warheads.
His death came to light after his staff tried to wake him up at 7. 30 am today morning. Dr Harsh Vardhan has been given the additional charge of the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change ( MoEF) after the death of Minister of State Anil Madhav Dave who held the portfolio under an independent charge. Dr Harsh Vardhan too posted a condolence message on Twitter, saying, " Feel sad abt demise of dear ministerial colleague Anil Madhav Dave today morning- was  a noble intellectual soul. May you all have the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude" .
Agar boyfriend hota toh main distract ho jaati. Despite being in the news for her rumoured relationship with Rock On 2 actor Farhan Akhtar, the 30- year- old actor says that she is happy focussing on her work. But I do not believe it is impossible. If you want to have a relationship, you will manage to balance it with work, " she added. And when it happens, I will not be checking for those qualities in him. It affects my family also.
The Kerala government is all set to implement the ' She Pad' scheme wherein sanitary pads will be made available to girls in all the schools in Kerala. Here is a close translation of the post: " Genital hygeine is every woman' s right. In the post, CM said that the approximate expenditure for the implementation will come to Rs 30 crore for five years.
. shape marks? zigzag prism? It? The European court of justice had previously found that the four- fingered shape, breaking apart with a snap, was not distinctive enough to merit a trademark and that such a designation would not comply with European law. ? They confer monopoly rights, so I can see entirely why Nestlé thought, ? badge of origin? , a previous version said the judge? quick lunch?
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has hailed the International Court of Justice' s verdict on Kulbhushan Jadhav, and said that India would leave no stone unturned to save him. " The ICJ order has come as a great relief to the family of Kulbhushan Jadhav and the people of India, " she said. " Also read | ICJ tells Pakistan to ensure Kulbhushan Jadhav is not executed before final verdict, big victory for India
General Singh said the onus is now on the Mehbooba Mufti government to commence immediate and unprecedented clampdown on the Hurriyat Conference leaders who only care about the well being of their own families and are nothing but stooges of Pakistan. Also read: India Today impact: NIA roped in to probe Pakistan link in Hurriyat tapes, says Kashmir minister Hurriyat hypocrisy: How children of separatist leaders lead a life of luxury The investigation traces the terror funding trail. He congratulated the India Today Group for Hurriyat Truth Tapes and described the special investigation as the most compelling evidence ever gathered against the ' terrorists' in the Hurriyat because the Hurriyat leaders have themselves admitted that they are paid by Pakistan to burn schools in Kashmir.
Also, because the chemicals prevent fertilisation, they may be a more acceptable alternative in the eyes of those who object to emergency contraceptives that prevent the implantation of a potentially viable fertilised egg. Purusing books on natural contraceptives used by indigenous peoples around the world, researchers came across several non- steroid chemicals isolated from anti- fertility plants. The other chemical was lupeol, which is found in plants such as mango and dandelion root. It has also been used as a folk remedy for rheumatoid arthritis.
The draft was released on May 5 and comments have been invited until June 4. New Delhi, May 17 ( PTI) Air travellers have voiced concerns over what they call lopsided measures in the no- fly list for unruly passengers and demanded airlines should also be held equally accountable for misbehaviour of their crew. There have been a lot of feedback and concern from the public that while there are penal actions recommended against unruly passengers, how will misbehaviour on the part of airlines be dealt with, " said a senior ministry official. The second level comprises physically abusive behaviour and will carry a ban of six months.
The two 155mm/ 39 caliber ultra light howitzers will be firing at the Pokhran field firing range in Rajasthan today. " In fulfillment of the United States' Foreign Military Sale of 145 M777 ultra light weight howitzer to India, we are pleased to confirm that the first two weapon systems will land in India ahead of schedule over this weekend, " a BAE Systems spokesman said in a statement. " WATCH | All you should know about India' s Rs 5000 crore M777 howitzer deal with US
Police arrested Rahul Mehta ( 26) , Jitender Kumar Mehta ( 37) Taufiq ( 27) Md Ali ( 39) all from Delhi. Investigation has also revealed that the accused Monu had helped the gang to get copy the digital print of the film with the digital key supplied by the distributor, while other accused Jitender and Taufiq were earlier arrested by Jabalpur Police in 2015 for pirating Baahubali: The Beginning. ALSO READ: Baahubali 2 box office collection Day 20ALSO READ: Baahubali 2 Tamil Review
It' s been last 2/ 3 years ( that) I am playing Ranji Trophy. Imagine the value of 100 rupees then and now. I request you to please take this up with the top brass of BCCI and players like Sachin, Rahul, Laxman, Viru to ensure that a change is brought about in the pay structure, in the amounts they get paid, " Harbhajan wrote. How can you sign up and commit your life to a job which does not promise you a fixed income every year. It is so different. "
Mitsuhashi, who peaked at 295 in the singles rankings in 2009, was accused of asking Joshua Chetty, a player he had coached, to approach a competitor during an International Tennis Federation ( ITF) event in South Africa in November 2015. Under the Tennis Anti- Corruption Program, money or other benefit does not have to change hands to constitute a serious corruption offence, the TIU told Reuters in an email. Chetty was banned for life last September following a separate TIU investigation.
New corruption cases are coming to light everyday. Sacked Delhi minister Kapil Mishra continued his tirade against Arvind Kejriwal saying the Delhi chief minister has been to his office just twice in the last year. Mishra, who was removed by Kejriwal from his cabinet after he levelled serious corruption charges on the CM, further said that the Delhi CM barely goes to office and works the least. " WATCH: Kapil Mishra demands Kejriwal' s resignation, faints during press conferenceALSO READ: Kapil Mishra to approach CBI today, says Arvind Kejriwal must prepare to go to Tihar now
It was the biggest day in the life of Banda resident Ashok Yadav. Sitting at the mandap, he was moments away from tying the nuptial knot with the woman his family had selected for him. HOW THE STORY UNFOLDEDALSO READ: Delhi: Man kills woman for argument with bar dancer girlfriend, arrested
A 22- year- old man succumbed to his injuries after being hit by a bat during a friendly cricket match in Bahadurpura district of Hyderabad.
HYDERABAD' S CARBON NEUTRAL AIRPORTComplementing the recently achieved recognition of being carbon neutral airport, GHIAL is marching to transform the RGIA into a 100 per cent LED airport, and 75 per cent work on this has already been completed, GHIAL said in a statement. Hyderabad' s Rajiv Gandhi International Airport has more than 26, 000 conventional lamps. LEDs can also last more than 25 times longer than the traditional light bulbs cutting down costs further. The GMR Hyderabad International Airport Ltd ( GHIAL) , which operates the airport, announced on Tuesday that it has converted the entire taxiway edge lights from halogen lamps to LEDs which are highly efficient as compared to halogen lights. 2 million unites of electricity per annum.
( EDs: With additional inputs) New Delhi, May 16 ( PTI) Ahead of his upcoming visit to Israel, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today conveyed to Palestine President Mahmoud Abbas Indias " unwavering support" to the Palestinian cause. After holding extensive talks with Abbas, Modi said India hopes to see a sovereign, independent, united and viable Palestine, co- existing peacefully with Israel.
Mumbai, May 16 ( PTI) A cyber security firm today said it has detected over 48, 000 ransomware attack attempts in the country, with West Bengal witnessing the most incidents. Our observation is that the attack is not focused towards any particular industry but it is widely spread across industries especially those organisations which are online and connected, " Quick Heal Technologies managing director Sanjay Katkar said. It said computers running on the desktop and server editions of the Microsoft Windows operating system are most impacted.
But their recent releases, Ki and Ka as well as Rangoon saw the two locking lips with their co- actors. According to a report in Filmfare, it was Saif and ex- wife Amrita Singh' s daughter Sara Ali Khan who made the two drop no- kissing clause from their contracts. Sara, who is all set to make her Bollywood debut soon, seems to have learnt the nuances of the trade even before venturing into the film industry.
! # CottonIsCoolpic. pic. Earlier today, Smriti posted a picture of herself dressed to the T in a saree, saying she depends on cotton to stay cool in the Indian summer, thus giving birth to the trend # CottonIsCool: I celebrate Indian summers and cotton industry with my # CottonIsCool look. What is your # CottonIsCool look? @ GulPanag@ AnupamPkher@ shekharkapur@ smritiiranipic.
Officials said the department began raiding the premises of some prominent businessmen and real estate agents in Delhi, Gurgaon, Rewari and few others since early morning. Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of " quid pro quo" as they date back to the period when Lalu Prasad was the railway minister, and dared Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar to take action against himLalu' s RJD is a constituent of Bihar' s ruling coalition led by Kumar. The politics of Lalu Prasad has become politics of loot land worth crores of rupees was grabbed for a pittance, " he said. ' We expect the central government to take appropriate action, " he added. Bihar' s biggest shopping mall spread over 7.
Not fair. Following a controversy over the fee he charged Arvind Kejriwal in the case, Jethmalani reportedly said that he can offer his services free of cost to his " poor client" . WHAT DO OTHER TOP LAWYERS TAKE HOME: Ram Jethmalani: The man who is often dubbed as the devil' s advocate is representing Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal in the defamation case filed against him by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Yes, I do charge industry. . Yet, just for numbers' sake, Harish Salve takes home anywhere between Rs 6 lakh to Rs 15 lakh per appearance in the Supreme Court or the Delhi High Court.
The announcement to this effect was made by Minister for Youth Services and Sports Imran Ansari at the 132nd Standing Committee meeting of J& K State Sports Council here yesterday. Our sportspersons bagged Gold Medals because of their sheer grit and hard work, " he said. " We must celebrate our sports achievements and encourage youth to come forward to showcase their sports talent, " he added.
Goel visited each restroom, with jolted Sports Authority of India ( SAI) officials in tow. Sports minister Vijay Goel showed up after reading a Mail Today report on the dirty toilets, messy surroundings and swarms of mosquitoes at the arena that are proving to be a prickly problem for Indian and international wrestlers who have gathered for a championship. I regularly visit stadiums. I have visited almost all the stadiums, except this one. Today, everything is clean. The administrators are saying that the responsibility is with the other agency but the foreigners who are coming for competition will not see whether it is a mistake of A or B.
The nearest police station was informed, and an investigation is under way to figure out from where they came from and what the modus operandi was. There are no lead suspects yet, and no arrests have been made. BOMBS RECOVERED IN ASANSOL Soon after, two more live crude bombs were recovered from Asansol District.
It is going to be MODI ( Maker Of Developed India) festival for 21 days when the Narendra Modi led BJP government will complete three years in power on May 26. The party will blow the bugle by PM addressing a rally on May 26 in Guwahati. Also Read: Yogi Adityanath joins league of Modi, Aishwarya Rai, gets mango christened after him Modi at Jaunpur: Mothers, daughters not safe under Akhilesh rulePM Modi congratulates Emmanuel Macron for ' emphatic' win, says look forward to working with him
Ahead of the hearing on Monday, Deepak Mittal, who is the head of the Pakistan division in the external affairs ministry and is representing India in the retired Navy officer' s case at the ICJ, ignored the handshake gesture by Mohammad Faisal, Pakistan' s DG for South Asia and SAARC, and offered a ' namaskar' instead. On May 8, India moved the ICJ against the death penalty handed down to Jadhav by a Pakistan military court, alleging violation of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations. India has denied that he has any connection with the government. Also Read: ICJ denies Pakistan permission to play Kulbhushan Jadhav ' video confession'
Kejriwalji is hiding behind wife. Inevitable, " she tweeted. I will also will reveal mohalla clinic scam by tomorrow or day after, " Mishra said after coming out of the hospital. After being on a hunger strike for six days, sacked Delhi minister and rebel Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) leader Kapil Mishra today broke his fast at the RML Hospital here and poked fun at Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal by saying that he is hiding behind his wife. " Also read:
not in race for 2019 PM post. Speaking to reporters on the sideline of an event in Patna, Nitish said he has no interest in taking the top post. " . it would be good if they are answered comprehensively, "   he said. President Pranab' s term ends in July. WATCH: Dump Lalu, we will support you: Sushil Modi' s offer to NitishALSO READ: Lalu Yadav admits controversial land belongs to family, says they are co- owners of the mallModi vs Nitish in 2019?
In March this year, Bollywood fans woke up to the news of Manisha Koirala making her big comeback with Sanjay Dutt biopic. I have to play Baba' s ( Sanjay Dutt) mother now? ' But it is not easy to play Dutt' s mother when she has worked with Sanju baba in a handful of films in the 90s. I am looking forward to the film, " she added. Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film also stars Ranbir Kapoor, Sonam Kapoor, Paresh Rawal, Vicky Kaushal and Karishma Tanna.
SEA CONDITIONSea condition will be moderate to rough over south Andaman Sea and adjoining southeast Bay of Bengal from May 14 and May 15 and over north Andaman Sea and adjoining southeast and east- central Bay of Bengal from May 15 to 17. Thunderstorm accompanied with squall very likely at isolated places over Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan and thunderstorm accompanied with gusty winds very likely over isolated places in Gangetic West Bengal. MAY 16 ( Day 2) : Thunderstorm accompanied with squall and hail very likely at isolated places over Jammu- Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Heat wave conditions very likely at isolated places in Chhattisgarh. Heavy rains at isolated places over Andaman- Nicobar, Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura.
In an article in Rediff. He adds that Madhuri Dixit was mostly linked with Sanjay Dutt because at one point, she was doing multiple films back to back with Sanju baba and most of them had become hits. It was business strategy, he writes. These are Zameen ( 1987) , Khatron Ke Khiladi ( 1988) , Kanoon Apna Apna ( 1989) , Ilaaka ( 1989) , Thanedaar ( 1990) , Saajan ( 1991) , Khalnayak ( 1993) , Sahibaan ( 1993) and Jai Devaa ( 1993) .
Muslim women in India have not been given rights that women in other countries have been given, said Mukul Rohatgi. Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi informed the Supreme Court about the Narendra Modi government' s intent when asked what are the remedies for a Muslim man to come out of a marriage if such practices are struck down. WILL DEAL WITH TRIPLE TALAQ FOR NOWEarlier, the Supreme Court said that due to paucity of time it will only deal with triple talaq while keeping the issues of polygamy and nikah halala pending. " It may not be possible to deal with all the three issues in the limited time we have. The Constitution bench is hearing a clutch of petitions challenging the practice of triple talaq among Muslims.
The Centre had created Nirbhaya Fund with a Rs 1000 crore corpus in its 2013 Union Budget to support initiatives by the government and NGOs working towards protecting the dignity and ensuring safety of women in the country. Tenders will be floated shortly to install about 19, 000 high definition CCTV cameras at 983 stations across the country to ensure round- the- clock security to passengers including women. It is helping us in a great way. Besides keeping a constant watch, the CCTV surveillance system helps in post- incident crime investigation.
The CPI ( Maoist) Jharkhand regional committee secretary is an accused in the killing of special branch inspector Francis Indwar in 2008 and loot of Rs 5 crore from a cash van of ICICI bank. True repentance is to accept one? Malik said that DGP D K Pandey and the state government? Inspector General of Police ( CRPF) Sanjay Lathkar said the naxalites coming forward to surrender have understood " the hollowness of Maoist ideology and believe in the Constitution" .
Afshan Ashique is Kashmir' s first female football coach. " Last week, when we were going for our routine football practice, we saw a group of boys pelting stones on securities forces due to which we were unable to reach the playground for practice. That enraged us. Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti also interacted with Afshan Ashique on Saturday and appreciated her efforts as a football coach. However, police have a different story to tell. "
Earlier this year, 55- year- old Pehlu Khan, a dairy farmer, transporting cattle he purchased in Jaipur to Haryana, was stopped by so- called ' gau rakshaks' affiliated with the Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Bajrang Dal and was thrashed to death. Disturbing video of a similar incident is now doing the rounds on social media. VIEWER' S DISCRETION ADVISED
all right? hooray? He was named Verdun after his father, Joseph Hayes, who served in the first world war as a sapper with the Royal Engineers and who fought during the Battle of the Somme, wrote home to his pregnant wife, Mary, from the frontline suggesting they call their child Verdun after the 1916 battle. Ahead of the skydive, his daughter, Lin Tattersall, said: ? s made up his own mind that he wants to do it again, and I am extremely proud of the reasoning behind it. He said: ? ?
Around 219 HIV positive pregnant women were provided treatment under the multi- medicine process at government hospitals, he said. The health department is committed to secure the child from infection in the womb of a HIV- positive mother, " Chhattisgarhs health services director R Prasanna told PTI. As per the new guidelines of NACO, it is mandatory for all the HIV patients to take medicines of ART. Prasanna said the state has 26, 000 HIV positive people and of them, 10, 289 were being provided medicines through five ART and 12 link ART centres ( which work like sub- centres of ART) , according to the set guidelines.
? It' s Mother' s Day and Kamaal Rashid Khan aka KRK, the self- proclaimed film critic and Twitter influencer had a very interesting story to share about his mother. ð? He captioned it, : Wish you very happy # MothersDay Mom! . My mother was angry with me for watching films so she thought dat I will destroy the reputation of family hence she wanted to give me poisonAccording my parents I was worst child of them out of 6 coz I was going to school instead of doing farming n watching films with my friends. "
Jadhav was arrested on March 3 last year. The International Court of Justice ( ICJ) was last a battleground for India and Pakistan nearly 18 years ago when Islamabad sought its intervention over the shooting down of its naval aircraft. Guillaume said the court would first have to decide whether it had the jurisdiction to go into the case as contended by New Delhi after the Indian delegation led by the then Attorney General Soli Sorabjee, raised preliminary objections to its jurisdiction. INDIA' S ARGUMENTSIndia argued that the court did not have jurisdiction in the matter, citing an exemption it had filed way back in 1974 to exclude disputes between India and other Commonwealth states, and disputes covered by multilateral treaties. We are very happy. India' s External Affairs Ministry while hailing the verdict especially welcomed the court' s positive observations on the principles enunciated in the Simla agreement and Lahore Declaration as the basis for an Indo- Pak rapprochement. Former supreme court judge B P Jeevan Reddy and Pakistan' s former Attorney General Syed Sharifuddin Pirzada were co- opted into the bench as ad- hoc judges.
According to a report in Indian Express, what Karan Johar has written about his father' s family may be fiction and not fact. Shortly after, his father quit the job. Apparently, only one uncle of Karan Johar was a halwai and he ran a sweet shop and restaurant called Nanking in Delhi' s Connaught Place. One of his other uncles was with the Indian Army and another aunt, college- educated, was a teacher.
Well, the joke is on him, because the Hindi- dubbed version of SS Rajamouli' s film created the existence of the Rs 400 crore club. KRK had also said that the film' s " real audience" down South might like the film, but claimed that Hindi audiences would not tolerate such a film. I m very sorry for my wrong review of # Baahubali2! Sorry @ ssrajamouli
Sushant is playing a dacoit. Sushant Singh Rajput has reportedly been roped in for the film while ex- UTV honcho Ronnie Screwvala is going to produce the film. " His next film co- written by NH10 and Udta Punjab writer Sudip Sharma is going to be based on the dacoits of Chambal and is set during the ' 70s. Some of them have more than 80 murder charges on them.
Exasperating farrago of distortions, misrepresentations& outright lies being broadcast by an unprincipled showman masquerading as a journalst, " he wrote, sending half of Twitter scurrying to Google the meaning of " farrago" and make some sense of the clearly brutal tweet. Thanks, tweeple, for finding humour in my exasperation! In a post made on Facebook, the Free Press Kashmir pointed out British political journalist Mehdi Hasan had used the exact phrase all the way back in 2013.
A large number of Saeed' s supporters gathered outside the court. HAFIZ SAEED PRODUCED BEFORE BOARDThe board also sought personal appearance of the attorney general of Pakistan on next hearing. Saeed appeared before the board on Saturday and told it that he had been detained by the Pakistani government in order to stop him for raising voice for Kashmiris. The detention of the JuD leaders is a simple case of mala fide intention and ulterior motive on part of the government as it has been done so to please India and the United States, " the petition said. Also Read:
The Opposition Liberal Democrat and Labour parties have both demanded an inquiry into the cyber- attack. The revelation came as UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd confirmed today that as many as 48 NHS trusts had been affected by the large- scale cyber- hack by an international criminal gang wreaked havoc around the country. However, there have been some reports of ambulances being diverted from affected hospitals and individual NHS trusts have asked registered patients not to attend unless it is urgent. Its important to understand that cyber attacks can be different from other forms of crime in that their sometimes highly technical and anonymous nature means it can take some time to understand how it worked, who was behind it and what the impact is, " he told the BBC. Gangs are thought to have used tools stolen from US spies and dumped online by hackers linked to Russia. " The demand is for a payment of 300 dollars in virtual currency Bitcoin to unlock the files.
It is 3. Since the bridge is located close to our border with China, it will help quick movement of military troops and artillery in times of conflict, " Sonowal said. The bridge is located 540- km away from Assam capital Dispur and 300 km away from Arunachal Pradesh capital Itanagar. 15- km- long Dhola- Sadiya bridge over the Brahmaputra river, the prime minister will kick start the celebrations of the NDA government' s three years in office from this eastern- most part of Assam. ALSO READ:
To be very clear, in the absence of a new MOU, CA is not contemplating alternative contracting arrangements to pay players beyond 30 June if their contracts have expired. " . " There is incoherence and aggression in what we have experienced at the negotiating table from CA, " ACA chief executive Alistair Nicholson said in a statement on Sunday. " The Australian women' s World Cup squad will be paid in advance of the June/ July World Cup and will be employed until the end of the event, " Sutherland said. Former test all- rounder Shane Watson responded: " Well said @ mstarc56 ( Starc) .
This steam engine will be operational on special occasio- ns and one can also pay and get the engine moving, in case anyone wants a private experience. The engine, originally built in 1953 by a German locomotive manufacturer, has been restored from its dilapidated condition in which it was found in Bihar. " The 12. So, I applied for permissions and decided to open a transport museum, " concludes Tarun.
Kapil Mishra alleged that the AAP was converting black money into white and that was precisely the reason why Arvind Kejriwal protested against demonetisation. . He followed it up with another tweet and said " will be presenting some facts in front of the public. Country is being cheated.
Also, Aadhaar of students of some Kendriya Vidyalaya schools were found on their websites. " The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a plea challenging various notifications of the Centre to make Aadhaar mandatory for availing benefits of government schemes. However, 70 per cent of the participants of the survey extended their support to the government' s emphasis on Aadhaar making it mandatory for filing tax returns and linking it to Permanent Account Number ( PAN) . WHERE IS THE PROBLEM? Senior lawyer Shyam Divan, appearing for Shanta Sinha said, " Despite the order of this court that Aadhaar will be voluntary and not mandatory, the government has been coming out with a series of notifications making it mandatory to avail benefits of schemes like scholarships, Right to Food and mid- day meal in schools. "
Now, the two have been clicked on a dinner date. Rumours of Saif Ali Khan' s daughter Sara and Harshvardhan Kapoor being an item started a few weeks ago, when they were reportedly spotted walking hand- in- hand into a restaurant and whispering sweet nothings to each other. Harshvardhan, not wanting to become a victim of gossip, deleted the photo.
Sacked Delhi minister Kapil Mishra is on an indefinite hunger strike ever since he challenged Aam Aadmi Party leaders to declare the source of funding for their foreign trips. According to the police, Jha did not have permission to hold the strike and was thus detained along with his supporters. Also Read
The Master Blaster, in an interview with India Today, spoke about what we can expect from the upcoming biopic which has already garnered a lot of attention worldwide. " 15am. " Tendulkar had the opportunity to relive those days when he went back to the same place to shoot some portions of the film. " The music is wonderful. How I met my wife and how we took it forward is part of film. " Every Indian must experience this story and even globally. .
Kolkata, May 12 ( PTI) As Amitabh Bachchans " Sarkar 3" hit the screens today, a life- size statue of the megastar has been installed at a temple here by All Bengal Amitabh Bachchan Fans Association. The statue has been sculpted by Subrata Bose.
Deceased' s husband Jagan who was driving the car warned the family members to not touch any part of the car and opened the four doors using a towel. The family was on its way to their farm house in Takkallapalli via Yacharam when the tragedy occurred. " Later the car also caught fire, " said ACP Ibrahimpattanam S Malla Reddy.
Katrina has Jagga Jasoos with Ranbir Kapoor, Tiger Zinda Hai with Salman Khan and Thugs of Hindostan with Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan in her kitty. With Baahubali 2 breaking all box office records, Prabhas has become hot property, and the teaser of his next, Saaho, has received a tremendous response. However, Katrina was signed on because it was felt that she was the best choice for the part, and her dates fit in with the film' s schedule as well.
Also Read: FIR against Kolkata Shahi Imam Maulana Barkati for refusing to give up lal batti, says it is his ' right' How netas across India have found a way around PM Narendra Modi' s VVIP red beacon banPunjab chief secretary found violating new rule of not using red beacon- fitted vehicle When India Today questioned him on the illegal use of the beacon, an angry Barkati retorted asking, " Why are you so concerned about my red beacon? " What' s my crime? Why will I be arrested? . They want to make India a Hindu rashtra!
His speech was witty, insightful and wise as always and one of the highlights of the twenty- minute long speech- a- thon was Shah Rukh Khan talking about his reaction to a rather idiotic rumour about him, his family and his youngest child, AbRam. Shah Rukh Khan spoke, " Four years ago, my lovely wife Gauri and me decided to have a third child. And we were so disturbed as a family. My son who is 19 now, even when you say hello to him he says, ' But bro, I did not even have a European driving license' . "
no- fly? In January, flight data firm FlightStats marked AI as the third worst- performing airline in the world. ? the airline said. The report said inefficiencies in the company may mean that a lot more of public money will be needed to keep the Maharaja afloat. The Portland- headquartered firm?
This was conveyed at a meeting chaired by Deputy Chief Minister Dinesh Sharma here, an official release said here today. From the new session in July, students will be seen in new uniform comprising pink- and- white check shirt with brown collar and brown trousers for boys and similar shirt with brown skirt for girls. These include 1. 68 lakh government schools in 75 districts of the state.
North Korea said on Thursday it is its sovereign right to " ruthlessly punish" American citizens it has detained for crimes against its government system, saying US media' s description of such arrests as a bargaining ploy was " pure ignorance. "
They must not interfere in our Islamic struggle. Those leaders should know that the struggle is for Islam, for Shariat, " he was heard saying in the over five- minute audio clip. IANS can not confirm the authenticity of the audio clip. Hizbul Mujahideen leader Zakir Musa has warned Hurriyat leaders that their heads will be chopped off and hung in the Lal Chowk in Srinagar for interfering in the militant group' s " struggle for Islam" .
But decades later, filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani has decided to bring Sanju baba' s life on 70mm. However, it was later revealed that Sonam Kapoor' s character will be an amalgamation of Dutt' s love interests in the early 90s. I do not know where these reports are coming from. Life has come a long way since then.
In its affidavit, the police said " Somnath Bharti used to harass, beat and abuse the petitioner ( wife) from the very beginning of the marriage, despite having knowledge about her frail health conditions. " It also claimed that some of the injury marks were " due to burns. " The MLA, who was granted bail on October 7, 2015 after being in jail for eight days, has denied the allegations levelled against him by his wife. Police also informed the court that it has filed a charge sheet in the matter before the trial court, which has taken cognisance of the matter and posted it for hearing on May 20. Further, the police said there was a case of alleged dowry harassment and criminal breach of trust alongwith the charge of cheating and criminal intimidation against him under the Indian Penal Code.
Shah Rukh Khan began by saying that he sells dreams and peddles love to millions of Indians who assume that he is the world' s best lover. " with this face. . Yeah. "
Both the bikers have died. By the time the police reached the spot and put out the fire, the man had already charred beyond recognition. The accident ocurred on a highway in Maharashtra' s Beed district. Authorities are yet to identify him.
Earlier Rohits film starring Ajay Devgn, Tabu, Parineeti Chopra and Arshad Warsi, was set to release this Diwali alongside " 2. 0" . " But when you clash ( at the box office) obviously the window is not that big as far as business is concerned, " Rohit told PTI.
To help its commuters in case of medical emergency, Central Railway along with ' Magicdil' have established 24X7 ' One Rupee Clinics' at 14 different stations. We wanted to provide affordable Medical service to common people. Railways had helped us with the infrastructure to build these clinics, " said Rahul Ghule of Magicdil.
The module will include educating students on sex education, nutrition demands of a body during adolescence, sex and reproductive health, gender violence, substance abuse. The lessons will include treating sex as a natural desire and not an equivalent of a disorder. The lessons, to be delivered in the government schools and anganwadis, will highlight that indulging in sex entails social and health consequences. This will precisely solve the naive conundrums in a teenagers head, said Dharamveer. "
Ludhiana, May 12 ( PTI) A Ludhiana court has issued a fresh non- bailable warrant against actress Rakhi Sawant for allegedly making objectionable remarks against sage Valmiki, who wrote the Hindu epic Ramayana. The court of Judicial Magistrate Vishav Gupta yesterday fixed June 2 as the next date for hearing in the case.
The decision was taken at an all- party meeting the poll panel held today in New Delhi. Referring to the Supreme Court judgment, Opposition parties maintained that there was an urgent need for the implementation of the apex court' s order in connection with the use of VVPAT EVM machines during upcoming elections. Most Opposition parties did not buy the Election Commission' s argument. Arvind Kejirwal- led AAP and Mayawati- led Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) had alleged that EVMs were tampered with in the February- March state Assembly elections in five states and the recently- concluded Delhi civic polls.
New Delhi, May 11 ( PTI) The Competition Commission has ordered a detailed probe against major telecom players for allegedly trying to block the entry of newcomer Reliance Jio, according to sources. When contacted for comments on the CCI ordering the probe, an Airtel spokesperson said, " We have not received any such communication from the CCI and would, therefore, not be able to comment. " Last year, billionaire Mukesh Ambanis venture Reliance Jio stormed into the Indian telecom market - the second largest market globally with 1. 2 billion subscribers - with disruptive offerings and has since been at loggerheads with the incumbent operators.
This is with respect to ensuring their safety. " As per the guidelines, the Army unit in the area is informed well in advance about officers going on leave if he is from Kashmir. Lieutenant Ummer Fayaz was kidnapped and killed by gunmen in Shopian on May 10 and his bullet- riddled body was found in Harmain village. He had gone home on leave to attend a cousin' s wedding.
These groups will present a sustained threat to the United Statess interest in the region and continue to plan and conduct attacks in India and Afghanistan, " Coats said. Pakistan, he rued, is expanding its nuclear arsenal in pursuing tactical nuclear weapons, potentially lowering the threshold for their use. This deterioration is undermined by its dire economic situation.
We dont think its necessary. Washington, May 11 ( PTI) The White House has ruled out the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate the allegations of Russian interference in last years general elections. " After watching Director Comey?
SUPREME COURT' S STAND ON PERSONAL LAWSPersonal laws in India are codified and uncodified - existing in custom and practice. But, a three- Judge Supreme Court bench in Mudaliar case of 1996 held that personal laws are void to the extent that they are in violation of the fundamental rights. In order to pacify the swelling sentiment of the community, the then Rajiv Gandhi government enacted the Muslim Women ( Protection on Divorce Act) , 1986. Triple talaq case, originative from the petition filed by Shayara Bano in a case of divorce from her husband, is not the first matter relating to personal laws before the Supreme Court. Danial Latifi challenged the constitutional validity of the Personal law. The Supreme Court had rejected the argument of Shah Bano' s ex- husband that since she was paid during the period of iddat - the waiting period after divorce and also the amount of mehr, she was not entitled to any further maintenance under the Muslim personal law. The Supreme Court held that the right to adopt children could not be denied by Muslim personal law.
08 crore after year long investigations. The tax department has charged the party with not filing a " true and correct" contribution report for donations received for the assessment year 2014- 15 which have been found to be over Rs 30. The notice while acknowledging that the party had accepted that there were " certain errors" in its first report filed in this regard, added that this admission by the AAP was itself an evidence that its audit report was fabricated initially but was corrected after the taxman began investigations of its audit books and accounts. Political parties enjoy tax exemption under section 13A of the Income Tax Act.
A twenty- five- year old Bihar woman, who was reportedly killed by her husband for dowry in 2015, has been found in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, living with her lover. Pinky' s parents identified her as their daughter. Immediate family members of Manoj Sharma thereafter went to Jabalpur and after identifying Pinki informed us, " Araiya Police Station Assistant Sub Inspector Shatrughan Sharma told India Today. He is presently lodged in jail. "
intended to offend religious sentiments? and that he ? The video shows Sokolovsky playing the game in the Church of All Saints in Yekaterinburg and referring to local news reports that warned people from playing it in Russia? ? s churches. Let?
Today, on his 105th birth anniversary, let us celebrate the literary genius of Saadat Hasan Manto through five musings that are reflective of the playwright' s thoughts on life, society and remembrance. Not in the least. Also Read : 7 Charles Dickens quotes about love, poetry, hope and humourOn societyOn remembrance
I did. A marriage of 15 years was dissolved in minutes unilaterally with her husband dispatching a ' talaqnama' to her while she was at her parent' s place in Kashipur, Uttarakhand recuperating from an illness. It is this ' unfairness' she says she has challenged but with this she has taken on those who refuse to entertain any thought of change to the Muslim personal laws. Member of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board, Kamal Farooqi told us that the Board has filed a rejoinder to Shaira' s petition. This is unacceptable. " The AIMPLB is not alone in its opposition.
While some reports claimed that Malaika was seeing a UK- based businessman, fingers were pointed at Arjun Kapoor too for having caused a rift between the couple. Over the last six months, the two actors have been spotted together on numerous occasions. . " We have got a child and our families are involved, but just because we have not said anything till now, it does not give anybody the license to speculate on any rubbish about us, " added Malaika and Arbaaz. Nor was it about his family disapproving of her lifestyle, nor does she feel that her husband is not financially stable.
After decapitating him, they travelled on a two- wheeler with the head wrapped in a gunny bag before throwing it into the premises of the Reddichavavadi police station last night, the police said. The decapitated body was found near the Bahour lake, they said. Also Read: Jealous man behind murder of Lucknow sistersSix held for murder of Ghaziabad temple priest
0. They are inspirational. Films are a visual medium. I knew when I lose the weight, everybody will say that she looks so good. I could hold on to that great work in the beginning and confidently come back with a film two years later. Even when I watch a film, I feel like I want to wear that skirt, have that hair and have a Raj ( in my life) . The 28- year- old actor, who was last seen in 2014 film Kill Dil, is gearing up for the release of her upcoming film Meri Pyaari Bindu. Maneesh Sharma mentioned how you would sing in the corridors of YRF office. I want to deliver more entertainment value. I miss my boys.
I know Ahok. better known by his nickname Ahok ? When words fail, music speaks # paduansuarabalaikota # ahok # saveahok # peace # nkrihargamati # garudapancasila pic. com/ CdY64EGiDNOthers registered their opposition to the verdict and sentencing by tweeting under the hashtag # RIPHukumIndonesia, which means ? Prosecutors had recommended the governor instead face a sentence of two years? twitter. blasphemy law.
Music lovers already seem quite overwhelmed with Bieber' s much- awaited performance in India. Looks like the year 2017 will be full of musical surprises for Indians. Also Read: How did a pizza- beer diet make singer Ed Sheeran lose 20 kg?
Moreover, the new Ramayana film will be filmed in 3D and it will be released in three parts similar to the Lord of the Rings series. After reports of a Rs 1000- crore Mahabharata film starring Mohanlal, a Ramayana film is reportedly in the works. Speaking about the production, Allu Aravind said, " It' s a huge responsibility but the Ramayana needs to be told on the big screen in the most magnificent way possible. There cannot be a better time and opportunity to tell the greatest Indian story to the world in a way that preserves its respect and vision.
My name is Mohit Yadav. . Samajwadi Party MLC Ramesh Yadav' s nephew Mohit was caught on camera bragging about his association with the former ruling party before launching an unprovoked attack on a cop standing near him. " WATCH: Uttar Pradesh shocker: In Etah, SP neta' s nephew thrashes copsALSO READ:
Today Mumbai' s dabbawalas were seen distributing sweets near lower Parel station, and the reason behind it was that the Indian government managed to get a stay order on Pakistan court' s order of execution against Kulbhushan Jadhav from the International Court of Justice. He was convicted of conducting " subversive activities" for the Indian government in Pakistan and has been sentenced to death by a Pakistani military court. Kulbhushan Jadhav is an Indian national who took retirement from Indian Navy as an officer. Watch Video: International Court of Justice stays death sentence of Kulbhushan Jadhav
The year 2016 saw  an impressive 11 lakh tourists heading to the Valley for vacations till July before Wani' s death. There is finally good news coming in from Kashmir in the form of tourists visiting the Valley. BUSINESSMEN SKEPTICAL Zuber Mahajan, tourist related businessman, however, sounded pessimistic. " says a dejected Mahajan, hoping that tourism might pick up now.
Where is Justice CS Karnan? The team consists of DGP Raj Kanojia and officers Ranveer Kumar, C. Sudhakar, Dipankar Bakshi and Sukumal Kanti Das. The apex court had on May 1 directed medical check- up of Justice Karnan by doctors with police support, as the judge did not appear before it. ALSO READ:
Yes. Of course. He is one of thode rare Punjabis who can speak fluent Haryanvi too which is why he fit so well in Dangal too. Though there is a difference of three years, he touches my feet. I want to just own that space. Though a lot of thrillers were being offered to me, I wanted a Sriram Raghavan thriller. My father and I both have a crush on her. I knew I loved it. You have to establish yourself as a guy next door, and then do something radical later.
Siddiqui and his son Afzal have been expelled from the party. He has a partnership in a number of slaughter houses and ' benami' properties in his name. MAYAWATI' S ORGANISATIONAL REJIGBSP supremo Mayawati had carried out a major organisational rejig after the assembly polls, and launched her brother Anand Kumar in active politics making him the party' s vice- president. Mayawati had blamed EVMs for her party' s poor performance.
Speaking on the occasion, CJI Jagdish Singh Khehar said he proposes to integrate the system with all the 24 high courts and the subordinate courts. The system will help litigants access data and retrieve information online and will be a step towards a paperless Supreme Court.
36 in Jubilee Hills. The impact of the collision was so strong that both Nishith and Ravi Chandra, who was the son of businessman MM Krishna, died on the spot. Telangana Minister T Harish Rao, apart from other VIPs and VVIPs, visited the hospital and consoled the family. Meanwhile, it has been learnt that the vehicle involved in today' s crash was earlier issued challans thrice for overspeeding this year - twice at Himayathsagar and once at Nehru Outer Ring Road of Hyderabad.
665 kg valued at Rs 1. All these passengers arrived by Jet Airways flight from Jeddah to Mumbai. 75 lakh. On Sunday night, the Air Intelligence Unit ( AIU) of Mumbai Customs arrested 21 passengers ( including one woman) from a single flight for smuggling 112 cut pieces of gold bars, weighing 5.
Imam Barkati is infamous for his anti- Bharatiya Janata Party stand. I do not have any problem with CPI( M) and Congress, but anyone from Bharatiya Janata Party coming here would not be treated well, instead would be beaten. " Bharatiya Janata Party leader C. K. Bose branded Imam Burkati anti- national and said, " I think he should be immediately arrested and put behind the bars as no one is allowed to break the law. " When the reporters clarified that Indian government and not the the British government had passed the order, Imam Barkati said, " The Indian government first needs to make its own law, they have not formulated any laws. " Imam Barkati is already infamous for issuing a fatwa against Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his decision to demonetise old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes.
Six months after demonetisation, corruption, black money and terrorism - three claims Modi made of having ended - flourish at an even stronger pace, " the Communist Party of India ( Marxist) leader said on social networks. " Six months on, still no data on how much money in old currency notes has returned to the system" , he said wondering if the move was legalization of counterfeit currency. Modi' s promise was of two crore new jobs every year, " added Yechury.
We want to mainstream the madrassas and sanskrit tols. We plan to eliminate the madrassa and sanskrit boards, " Education Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said in the Assam Assembly.
The pilot who was also the former Pakistan Air Line Pilots' Association president was reportedly suspended. Also read: No- fly list: New rules for banning unruly passengers out, 3 levels of offences setAccording to the rules, no unauthorised person is allowed to enter into the cockpit but the pilot went to break the rule knowingly, putting in many lives at risk. Also read: Delta Airlines apologises after kicking family off the flight for refusing to give up infant' s seatA PIA pilot on flight PK- 853 from Tokyo en route to Beijing forced out his crew members from the cockpit to spend some time with a Chinese passenger there.
Also Read: Deepika Padukone' s Met Gala debut was beautiful, but out of placeBut guess what, despite making a gorgeous- yet- low key debut, Deepika Padukone' s Tommy Hilfiger satin gown was one of the most Googled outfits from the Met Gala night. ! # DeepikaAtMetGala# DeepikaPadukone# metgalapic. twitter.
AAP' s chief whip in the Punjab Assembly, Sukhpal Singh Khaira, quit his post in protest the appointment of Mann as AAP' s Punjab unit chief. Kejriwal has also put a condition on Mann that he should stop drinking otherwise he would be removed from his post, the sources added. However, Kejriwal' s attempt at mollifying has offended other leaders. Taking a completely different stand from that of the top party leaders including Arvind Kejriwal, Bhagwant Mann had said AAP lost Punjab not because of any tampering of EVMs but the blunders committed by the party' s leadership. Mann had shared his concerns with Arvind Kejriwal.
India announced its 15- member squad for the upcoming 50- over pinnacle tournament on Monday, and the fans from both nations have marked their calendars for June 4 when the two arch- rivals take on each other in their group clash. We do not have a great record against India in major events, but every day is a new day and I am sure the players will perform well in the first match. Talking about his team, the Pakistan chief selector said that the side was a perfect blend of young and experienced players.
In these two years, I have focussed on my strength and fitness. Two years is a long hiatus from limited overs cricket and a fit- again Mohammed Shami is ready to come out all guns blazing in the upcoming Champions Trophy in England from June 1. I have got leaner. IPL is a good platform for me wherein I will be getting 8- 10 matches before going to the international tournament. "
m okay. Bike totaled. Driver kept going! pic. The three- time Tour de France winner posted a picture of his broken bike on Twitter but said he was not hurt in the incident. Italia, told cyclingweekly. ? t always be scared when you are riding on the roads, but with the situation like you see today with Froome, you think a lot about how we are at risk on the road.
Protected areas in the US represent about 14 per cent of the land mass. High levels of noise pollution were also found in critical habitat for endangered species, namely in endangered plant and insect habitats. " This reduced capacity to hear natural sound reduces the restorative properties of spending time in nature, such as mood enhancement and stress reduction, interfering with the enjoyment typically experienced by park visitors. " The noise levels we found can be harmful to visitor experiences in these areas, and can be harmful to human health, and to wildlife, " said Rachel Buxton, from Warner College of Natural Resources in the US. "
But I am ready to fight. . Mishra also today Kejriwal to resign and contest election against him " to let people decide who is more honest" . " A day after his suspension from the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) , a belligerent Kapil Mishra sought party convener and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal' s " blessings" before he files cases against him before the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) today. " Truth will triumph.
Tej Bahadur Yadav, the BSF jawan who was dismissed from duty for uploading a video on the ' substandard food' served to soldiers, today attended a Mumbai event honouring martyrs. The system is corrupt but not all officers are corrupt. Apart from condemning the poor quality of food being served, Bahadur had also alleged how officers were siphoning off money sent for the soldiers' upkeep at border areas. .
The report quoted a source as saying, " Sienna will be devastated that these pictures said to be of her fooling around have been put online by some weirdo. " American Sniper actor Sienna Miller is the latest celebrity to fall victim to online hackers and have her nude photos circulated all over the internet. The actor herself has not commented on the leak.
No concrete evidence or document has been submitted to ACB. " Mishra, who had earlier ' briefed' L- G Anil Baijal about the tanker scam, said on Monday that he had shared all evidence related to the same with ACB. " Also Read: Kapil Mishra submits proof against Arvind Kejriwal, aides on water tanker scam, seeks time with CBI
Official sources told IANS that Jaimin Patel, who is in his mid- 30s, his wife Jhalak and their daughter Vaishvi were stopped from boarding the Qatar Airways flight, which was to take off at 4 a. m. When Patel, who is a land dealer, reached Ahmedabad International Airport, he was not even able to walk because of his drunken state. Jaimin Patel was prevented from boarding the flight. He was not feeling well. " My son, his wife and daughter were going for a vacation.
He is the same Kejriwal who demanded Rs 5 crore from me, " Khan said. Talking about his expulsion, Khan said false charges were framed against him when he tried to question the party' s way of working. " Then they started warning me that if I want to remain minister, I will have to give the money. he said. Sacked minister Kapil Mishra suspended from Aam Aadmi Party
Loveeee the traditional styling ð? # saraalikhanA post shared by Û° sara ali khan pataudi Û° ( @ saraalikhanx) on May 7, 2017 at 5: 30am PDTð? Rumours are rife that Jhanvi will be seen in the Hindi remake of Sairat opposite Shahid Kapoor' s brother Ishaan Khattar, while Sara will be launched in Student Of The Year 2. ð? ?
Also Read: Justin Bieber also plans to visit Jaipur, Agra during his India visitWhat' s on the menu: Hindustan Times reports that the pop sensation will be treated to the " taste of Indian cuisine from 29 states. " Bieber' s itinerary will reportedly also include a tryst with butlers from Rajasthan. The singer will visit the Taj Mahal in Agra and The Gateway of India in Mumbai, besides other historical monuments across Jaipur and New Delhi. Love this Boho chic denim jacket by @ seemakhan76 Styled by @ kavs1977 @ kavitalakhaniofficial Assisted by @ anjalisinghshekhawat_ Hair & makeup and amazing photo by @ tomasmouckaA post shared by Sunny Leone ( @ sunnyleone) on May 1, 2017 at 3: 23am PDT
Kathorta se nahi, komalta se ashk jhalak gaye. Meri aansuon ko meri kamzori na samajhna. The MLA misbehaved with me and refused to acknowledge in full public view that he is speaking to a woman police officer, " she said. Please stay calm! Regards, Charu, " she posted.
He named members of the apex courts seven- judge bench, comprising the Chief Justice of India, Justices Dipak Misra, J Chelameswar, Ranjan Gogoi, Madan B Lokur, Pinaki Chandra Ghose and Kurian Joseph. Justice Karnan also added another supreme court judge Justice R Banumathi in the list against whom the order was passed for having restrained his judicial and administrative work along with CJI Khehar. Justice Karnan also said that an order passed by him on April 13 directing the member Judges of the seven- judge bench to pay a fine of Rs 14 crore was in force and directed " the Registrar General attached to the Supreme Court to recover the said amount from the salary of each. " Justice Karnan directed that all the three sentences would run concurrently and said that if the fines were not paid, they would " undergo further six months of imprisonment. "
But seldom do we hear of laymen going out of their way for the country' s jawans. Janardan Bhatt has a record of being a Good Samaritan and is known to have solved many problems faced by his colleagues when was a union leader during his professional life. Bhatt and his wife recently donated Rs 1 crore to the National Defence Fund. ( With inputs from ANI) ALSO READ:
In fact, in most of the pictures, the Barfi! However, director Rajkumar Hirani is unhappy that Ranbir' s look got leaked. But I am very happy. ALSO READ: 10 events from Sanjay Dutt' s life that should be in his biopic
With the added compound interest, the Rs 1 lakh loan increased to Rs 2 lakh within 2 years. s Banka. In 2011, Kapri? The foreign currency notes and valuables in the black backpack worth Rs 8 lakh, forgotten by its owner in his taxi, could have taken care of everything Debendra Kapri has ever wished for. Kapri says. he says. ? Kapri said.
Rajnath also invoked the 9/ 11 attack in the United States, saying America took the incident as a challenge to ensure that no such incident happens in the future. At today' s meeting, Singh launched a new security operations doctrine called ' SAMADHAN' - Smart leadership, Aggressive strategy, Motivation and Training, Actionable intelligence, Dashboard- based key performance indicators and key result areas, Harnessing technology, Action plan for each threat, No access to funding. The LWE review meeting was attended by several chief ministers including Yogi Adityanath ( Uttar Pradesh) , Naveen Patnaik ( Odisha) , Raman Singh ( Chhattisgarh) , Devendra Fadnavis ( Maharashtra) , Nitish Kumar ( Bihar) and Raghubar Das ( Jharkhand) . ALSO READ | Why Naxals succeed attack after attack in Chhattisgarh
However, after seeing the open- ended climax of The Conclusion, fans have been waiting to know if Baahubali 3 is on the cards. Baahubali: The Beginning ended with Katappa revealing himself as the killer of Amarendra Bahubali. Meanwhile, Baahubali 2: The Conclusion is the first Indian film to gross Rs 1000 crore at the box office. Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah, Sathyaraj and Ramya Krishnan star in pivotal roles in this instalment of Baahubali too.
immediately dismissing? corrupt face? totally exposed? 12 ? 6: 00 pm: Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh seeks resignation of Kejriwal, claiming that the AAP supremo had no moral right to continue in office as his ? @ ArvindKejriwal ? CM isteefa dein: Manoj Tiwari, BJP? ? Arvind Kejriwal? . ANI ( @ ANI_ news) May 7, 20178: 30 pm: Delhi BJP president Manoj Tiwari meets lieutenant governor Anil Baijal and asks him to examine the possibility of ? s water problem but Mishra said his removal came on the day he shared details of the alleged Rs 400- crore water tanker scandal report with the chief minister. him? have given all details to lieutenant general Anil Baijal as well12 noon: They need to explain where the money came from and for what it was used, says Mishra11: 47am: ? i have witnessed HIM taking illegal cash. Kapil Mishra ( @ KapilMishraAAP) May 7, 201712: 36pm: ? @ ArvindKejriwal? Anil Baijal? s residence, ANI?
Remember the rebellious warrior Avanthika? Of course you do. Apart from that problematic portion with Shivudu ( Prabhas) in Baahubali: The Beginning, Tamannaah Bhatia was widely appreciated for her character. According to a report in The Times Of India, Rajamouli chopped off certain scenes that were low on CGI. ALSO READ: Baahubali 2 to cross Rs 1000 crore soon
The BCCI. . The ICC welcomes the unanimous decision from the BCCI special general meeting this morning to confirm the participation of defending champions India in next month' s Champions Trophy, " the ICC said in a statement to Reuters. " The option to boycott the event by revoking the Members Participation Agreement ( MPA) between the ICC and the BCCI had been gaining traction within the board prior to Sunday' s meeting despite a number of former players opposing any withdrawal.
In a shocking incident, a 15- year- old girl was locked inside a house in east Delhi' s Krishna Nagar for two years by her mother. Locals told the police that the woman, Krishna Ghosh, who is the mother of the victim, would visit the house in the evening only to bring food for the girl.
Rumblings in the Aam Aadmi Party continue today with sacked Delhi Water Minister Kapil Mishra making a dramatic allegation, accusing Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal of corruption. Meanwhile, the Aam Aadmi Party rubbished Mishra' s claims, calling the allegations baseless and undeserving of a response. LATEST UPDATES:
The convicts still have three options left - filing a review petition in response to the apex court' s verdict ( their lawyers have said they plan to do so) , filing a curave petition if the review petition is dismissed, and finally, requesting the president of India to commute their death sentence in a mercy petition. The nation' s top court yesterday rejected a plea challenging the death penalty given to Mukesh Singh, Vinay Sharma, Akshay Thakur and Pawan Gupta by the Delhi High Court, and decided they would be hanged till death. The Supreme Court noted that the brutality, cruelty and the perverse nature of the crime made it a ' rarest of rare' case.
According to the reply, Pakistan violated the ceasefire across the Line of Control 449 times in 2016, as compared to 405 violations in 2015. Major Gen ( retd) G D Bakshi said Pakistan is running a " covert" war against India. " While 47 security personnel and 28 civilians were killed in the state, 110 terrorists were killed in encounters in 2014, the reply said. Though Pakistan talks about peace, it does not believe in it, and Jammu and Kashmir is an example, " he said.
The Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB) has demanded a compensation of Rs 447 crore from the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI) for not honouring the Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU) to play six bilateral series between 2014 and 2023. The PCB had recently sent a notice to the BCCI, complaining that it suffered loses to the tune of USD 69, 576, 405 since the Indian team missed the November 2014 and December 2015 series.
5 lakh to 3 lakh per day, an amount which is unaccounted. In a major embarrassment to Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, two ministers of his Cabinet have been exposed by India Today of renting out their official bungalows for private weddings and parties. Nitish has also attended marriages in these bungalows. Both ministers, however, remained unavailable for comments.
Muslims form 16. 5 per cent of Bihar' s 105 million population. The temple is in Bihar' s Gopalganj district. Muslims have not only donated land, they have also provided land at a nominal rate for construction of the world' s largest Hindu temple. Thanks to their gesture now the temple' s main gate will be constructed on their donated land, " Amrender Kumar alias Pappu Pandey, ruling JD- U legislator of Kuchaikot, said.
A young man was fined Rs 20, 000 by a panchayat in Bihar. The incident took place at Ibrahimpur village under Bakhari police station in Begusarai earlier this week. The young man has refused to marry the girl after which the girl' s family registered a case of molestation against the youth. He [ the accused] has earned me much disrepute in the society and he will have to marry me, " Gulf quoted the girl. "
national treasure? His reputation for plain speaking has often led to controversy, but he was once called a ? misunderstood? s famous phrases:
She was then taken to the airport medical desk for first aid where investigations revealed her to be a diabetic with low haemoglobin. Jet Airways strongly denies the allegations made in the social post which do not reflect the airline' s service etiquette, standards and the exact nature of developments that transpired on the day. " Also readThis airline is giving you 24 per cent off on flight bookings just for today
According to reports, she died at her residence in Noida. 30 pm after suffering a cardio respiratory attack. Justice ( retired) Leila Seth, mother of noted author Vikram Seth and first woman judge of Delhi High Court, has passed away. Justice Seth was also a part of many enquiry commissions, one of which studied the impact of the TV serial " Shaktiman" on children. ( WITH INPUTS FROM IANS)
The Wipro officials have lodged the complaint and an FIR under Section 66 F of the IT Act has been registered at the cyber crime police station. In the vicious email, the sender mentioned that  he had isolated 1 kg of high- quality ricin and would be sending 2 grams in envelopes to one of Wipro' s offices in the city in the coming days to prove that he was not to be taken lightly. Wipro has augmented security measures at all its office locations. com.
Andhra Pradesh could be the potential ground for experimenting and launching the innovations carried on by Google X. Experiments such using stratosphere balloons to give access to Internet to inaccessible areas is one example out of many that can be experiment in our state, " said Naidu. Google X CEO Astro Teller made a presentation about the ongoing research and development works at the facility during which a demonstration of the driverless car and use of drones to deliver various products at home was shown to Naidu and his delegation that includes the state finance minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, the state' s Communication Adviser Dr. Parkala Prabhakar and the Principal Secretary in charge of Infrastructure and Investments Ajay Jain.
JUSTICE DELAYEDBengaluru' s criminal justice system is marred by delays, as with the rest of India' s. Of the 4, 241 molestation cases reported, 2, 248 ( 53 per cent) are pending trial, according to data from the Bengaluru City Police Commissionerate. Among the cases tried, there have been 523 acquittals ( 12 per cent) and 16 convictions ( 0. Kavya S. , 24, was on her way to work when a stranger attacked her in public. " Experts say this could be because of an increase in the number of incidents as well as greater willingness on the part of women to register complaints. 4 lakh. They come alone. By Elizabeth Mani for IndiaSpend. org
Maru was spotted on the 18th floor of an under- construction building in Mumbai' s Sewri area by a resident of a nearby apartment. The resident informed the Mumbai Police control room, which sent a team to the location. In what could have been a repeat of last month' s Arjun Bhardwaj suicide, a 32- year- old woman lawyer attempted killing herself in Mumbai while live- streaming her life' s final moments on social media. ( With inputs from PTI)
But you are not professionally involved. Hyderabad, May 6 ( PTI) Kris Gopalakrishnan, co- founder and former CEO of Infosys, has said that even though he is no more professionally engaged with the company, the emotional connect will never go away. . 33 or 35 years.
I think there should be stricter guidelines for the airline staff as well" Gaikwad told India Today in Mumbai. " . The government announced draft rules for a national ' no- fly list' which proposes a ban on domestic air travel  that can last for a period ranging from three months, to two years or beyond. Level 3 offences include murderous assault, life- threatening behaviour, or causing damage to aircraft operating systems.
From Lalit K Jha Washington, May 6 ( PTI) The standard of drinking water in India has improved in the last five years but a lot of work still remains to be done, the head of the World Water Council has said. I think Mr Modi is very much concerned with water and sanitation issues. Referring to the Swachha Bharat Campaign, Braga praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his efforts towards clean drinking water and sanitation. " Thats my perception, " Braga said.
Even I wear jeans and other western clothes. We have sent the youngest brother, who is 8- year- old, to an undisclosed location, so that he does not have to face regular harassment from locals and peer groups. We have already lost one of our sisters, who was 16- year- old when she died due to mental trauma, she was undergoing after the incident. " Whenever my parents go to Tihar jail to meet him, they do not take me along saying that there are bad people in the jail, " she added. " Mail Today also visited the houses of Ram Singh, Mukesh and Vinay Sharma in the JJ Cluster but all of them were found locked.
Earlier in the day, Naidu' s deputy in the ministry, Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, had said the local administration in the state has right to confiscate the equipment of cable operators allegedly airing unauthorised channels. We also monitor whenever such news comes up. The action is being taken, " he said. Also read: Pakistan International Airlines to suspend flights to Mumbai from May 15Pakistan on South Asia Satellite GSAT- 9: Not a regional effort
Delhi? The students were in their classrooms at the Rani Jhansi school, close to the Tughalakabad container depot from where the chemical leak is suspected to have been originated, when they started showing symptoms. Schoolgirls of # RaniJhansi School being taken to # ESIHospital after chemical leakage in # TughalakabadContainerDepot @ htTweets @ htdelhi pic. ? Romil Baaniya, deputy commissioner of police ( southeast district) , said the leak originated in a truck at the customs area. said Baaniya.
The Supreme Court today upheld the death sentence meted out to the four adult men in the December 2012 Nirbhaya gangrape and murder case. Those convicts on the death row, Mukesh ( 29) , Pawan ( 22) , Vinay Sharma ( 23) and Akshay Singh ( 31) , plan to file a review petition challenging today' s Supreme Court verdict. ALSO READ:
juvenile? he said. A number of welfare officers and a counsellor, who spoke to him at the correction home, told HT that he was the most disciplined inmate. ailing mother, younger siblings and bedridden father. ? Now, the verdict has come, focus will again move to him but he is at a place where he might not even see the national news channels. the officer added.
AIM TO SAVE RS 41, 000 CRORE IN NEXT DECADE ON ENERGY BILLRailways is aiming to save Rs 41, 000 crore in the next 10 years on energy bill as it has already saved about Rs 4000 crore in 2016- 17 by replacing many diesel locomotives with the electric ones. Passenger- related data would be be monetised under the NFR strategy. Besides data, the railways will be allowing branding of trains and launching a mega app as part of the monetisation of soft assets in a big way. ALSO READ | Railway Catering scam: Food products purchased at ten times their MRP
It' s worth mentioning that the Ministry of Home Affairs had given us a clean chit before the High Court on this issue and now they are sending us fresh notices, " the party said. " " We have nothing to hide. Which is very dangerous for democracy, " it added. ALSO READ | Why Kumar Vishwas truce with Arvind Kejriwal is temporary and he may still quit AAP to join BJP
Justice is not done. He said the meaning of punishment is improvement and there is a right to live. " Samaaj mein message dene ke liye kisi ko phansi nahi de sakte, human rights ki dhajiyaan udd gayi: AP Singh, Lawyer of convicts # Nirbhayapic. After being awarded death sentence, the four convicts in the Nirbhaya gangrape and murder case will soon file a review petition in the Supreme Court.
s act. Though the Supreme Court ordered death for the four convicts, the mother of the 23- year- old paramedic had told Hindustan Times that it is difficult for her to accept that one of the convicts ( juvenile) is a free man. ? the mother told HT over the phone. I can never forgive him, ? .
Remember yesteryear actor Mumtaz of Jai Jai Shiv Shankar fame? Mumtaz had bid adieu to showbiz decades ago and relocated to London. Well, a recent photo of hers is going viral on the internet and she looks absolutely unrecognisable. Mumtaz' s elder daughter Natasha Madhwani is married to actor Fardeen Khan.
The plaintiffs are permitted to serve the defendant. . Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw has allowed the plaintiff to serve the summons on one of the defendants through WhatsApp, text message and email. "
Nirbhaya' s mother said, " This is not just our victory. The high court had confirmed the death penalty to the convicts pronounced by the fast track trial court. A bench comprising Justices Diapk Misra, R Banumathi and Ashok Bhushan decided the case that had shaken the entire nation' s conscience.
scrapped New Delhi, May 4 ( PTI) An RSS affiliate today sought the sports ministrys intervention for annulment of BCCIs contract with Chinese firm Oppo for sponsoring the Indian cricket team. The SJM said Indian cricket team members should not wear clothes bearing the logo of Oppo. " Chinese goods have invaded Indian markets which is not only killing our domestic production but also has direct negative impact on employment generation efforts made by the government, " Mahajan said, adding it has taken shape of an " epidemic" .
Not many people are sanctioned visas leading to no passenger traffic. The flight between Mumbai and Karachi is the only direct flight as no Indian airlines flies to Pakistan. Indian Army has vowed that it would respond to the barbaric act at a " time and place of its choosing" . Recently, Pakistan Army' s mutilated bodies of two Indian soldiers in the Krishna Ghati sector along the Line of Control ( LoC) .
A 34- year- old Indian- origin man is being hailed for his courage and rewarded by the police in the US after he saved the life of his woman co- worker from an oncoming train but was robbed off his bag when he jumped on the tracks to help her. When someone is going to save a life, how can he think about stealing? " I felt very bad, " Vannavalli said. Vannavalli said. " .
" The eating quality is quite nice. From Natasha Chaku Melbourne, May 5 ( PTI)  For the first time, Australia will sell Kesar variety of Indian mangoes with the inaugural consignment of nearly 400 trays landing in Sydney, but marketing firms called it a " little disappointing" as the fruit was a little blemish and not evenly coloured. Its pleasant to eat. The first consignment, Ive got to say, was a little disappointing, " PFA chief executive Michael Simonetta said, adding " the fruit had a little bit of blemish on the skin and wasnt as evenly coloured as we expected it to be, so were in the process now of getting it to colour more evenly and then offer it for sale following that. "
How dare they question my birth, my identity, my parents! Who are they? Even we worship Lord Ram, that Ram who worshipped Maa Durga. " West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today become emotional while reacting to a state BJP leaders derogatory remarks against her last week. People do not need to take up arms on behalf of religion, " she said.
Also Read | | Caught on camera: Mob attacks African students at mall in Greater Noida, CM promises impartial probe | | One of the African women stripped in the packed metro and protested against the passengers who were quarreling with her and another woman. However a news report quoted some eye- witnesses, saying that the verbal spat started because of the seats in Delhi metro. As the row picked up further, the women who stripped said, " You wanna fight, come let us fight! "
Hyderabad, May 4 ( PTI) Future Generali Insurance Company today insured the Telugu movie Baahubali 2 for over Rs 200 crore under its film package insurance product. According to the private insurer, the policy covers the risks related to the film during the pre- production to post- production stage. " Additionally, the policy covers insurance against its legal liability to pay damages for third- party civil claims arising out of bodily injury or property damage caused in the course of the event by an accident in the premises where it is held and during the policy period, " it said.
They are not doing it for milk but for votes . . The RJD chief, who played a major role in the Mandal movement of 1990 that aimed at ensuring social justice in the country, alleged that the BJP was now " rushing to garland the statues of Dalit icon B R Ambedkar but was doing nothing to uplift deprived sections" . Do not cut off the branch you are sitting on, " he told them.
For a decade now in the Indian market, Sennheiser has shaped the industry and has been at the cutting edge of audio by continuously re- defining the gold standard of what is technically possible, " said Sennheiser CEO Daniel Sennheiser. " But, if the HE 1 are anywhere near as close as the headphones they will replace, well, they ought to be expensive.  " The decoupling of the tubes in combination with the damping properties of the marble has the effect of reducing structure- borne noise to an absolute minimum. Senheiser has used gold- vaporised ceramic electrodes in the headphones. The new HE1 use a completely new amplifier concept that combines the superior impulse processing of a tube amplifier with the low distortion of a transistor amplifier " to perfection" according to the company.
The section bars disclosure of information which would disproportionately divert the resources of the public authority or would be detrimental to the safety or preservation of the record in question. The bank was asked to provide details of suspended accounts including their total number and amount lying in them. Replying to an RTI query, the State Bank of India ( SBI) said it does not maintain such information in its database " in normal course of business and extraction of the same will be voluminous and time taking activity" . " According to an article published in Reserve Bank of Indias journal in 2005, it was reported that in India thousands of crores earned in interest is kept in suspended accounts. "
While speaking at the Milen Global conference in Beverly Hills alongside Jon Favreau, Abrams said managing fans expectations can be difficult, reported The Wrap. " Star Wars is not a movie, it is a religion.
all valued over Rs 8 lakh. As the police personnel were making a list of the items in the bag on a piece of paper, Kapri stood by and ensured that no item is misplaced. ? I wanted to keep it as a proof so that if by any chance the owner of bag finds me and asks me to return the bag, I can prove that his belongings were safe in the police custody, ? s Banka district for livelihood. said Bhatia. Kapri told HT.
The Sarbananda Sonowal government has changed the names of all the major roads of the most important city of Assam. Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswam Sarma announced the government' s decision to rename the Guwahati roads. Also read:
The parties have urged the Election Commission to revert to ballot system, claiming that the faith of the people in EVMs has been " eroded" . A number of Opposition parties, including the Congress, have alleged tampering of the EVMs after the recent Assembly elections. Also read: Electronic Voting Machine: Here' s all you wanted to know about India' s EVMsHack an EVM challenge: Election Commission dares anyone to tamper voting device successfully
Looking closely, the first and the 10th dirtiest cities in India are from Uttar Pradesh. It' s not that bad, after all, as according to Swachh Survekshan Survey 2017, we have some clean cities as well. Apart from Bagaha, Bihar' s Katihar is the fifth unclean city. Swachh Survekshan Survey 2017 says Madhya Pradesh' s Indore is India' s cleanest city
The CoA has also assured Virat Kohli that India will get to defend the Champions Trophy which they won in 2013 and now it seems like it is a matter of time before the Indian team for the coveted tournament is made public. While I have moved on in life as I feel these things are part and parcel of the game, Gautam for some reason cannot get over it. Afridi wrote in the column. " Good luck to him! " The umpire had to intervene frayed tempers.
51 lakh for cow slaughter. The Madora village panchayat took the decision during a meeting earlier this week. Of the total Rs 2. Village pradhan Usman said that the key agenda was to prevent cow slaughter and robberies in the region.
he tweeted. s open- heart surgery and pleaded for people to support the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, in an emotional monologue on his TV show. ? doing great? , Kimmel said. s exactly why we fought so hard for the ACA, and why we need to protect it for kids like Billy. Kimmel told viewers.
( Shaharyar Khan to continue as PCB chief, PM Nawaz Sharif rejects resignation) An official source in the PCB confirmed to PTI that the notice was dispatched on Wednesday. " ( BCCI not in touch with PCB for India- Pakistan bilateral series: Shaharyar Khan) The MOU, signed in 2014, was part of a deal between the two boards under which Pakistan supported the Big Three governance and financial model in the ICC. We were even willing to host our series at neutral venues as part of the deal but even then the BCCI kept on stalling us and then eventually refused, " the source said.
Also, the former Delhi chief minister' s photos were missing from all hoardings of the party during its election campaign. His statement seems to be a direct attack on former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, who had criticised Maken for ' ignoring' party' s senior leaders during the MCD election campaign. Responding to questions on rift and dissent in the Congress, Maken said, " After my resignation, the party high command listend to me and simultaneously spoke to Sheila ji. Maken had stepped down following Congress' debacle in MCD polls, taking responsibility of the loss.
The detained fishermen were later handed over to the Docks police for further legal procedures. On January 27, the Maritime Security Agency had arrested 60 Indian fishermen and seized 10 boats. Today' s arrests come just one week after the PMSA had on April 27 detained 29 Indian fishermen and seized five boats. Fishermen from both countries are arrested frequently by the maritime security agencies of both countries for illegal fishing and often stray into illegal waters due to absence of any proper technology to confirm the coastline border between Pakistan and India near Sir Creek in the Arabian Sea.
Sumit was the first Indian boxer to advance to the last- four stage when he thrashed third seed Fengkai Yu of China 4- 1 in the Light Heavyweight ( 81kg) quarter- finals. Qurbonov had defeated Mehmood Sanaullah of Pakistan in the quarter- finals. Amit also faced a relatively easy day, defeating fourth seed Cornelis Kwangu Langu of Indonesia 5- 0 in the last- eight stage of the Light Flyweight ( 49kg) category.
The 70- year- old former French and U. S. Open champion is provisionally banned from all International Tennis Federation ( ITF) events after hurling allegedly racist and sexist comments during Romania' s Fed Cup tie with Britain last month. All England Club chairman Philip Brook said he " condemned" the behaviour of two- time Wimbledon runner- up Nastase. " Club chief executive Richard Lewis went further, saying Nastase " could be stopped at the gate" if he tried to enter the grounds with a ticket.
association. Overcrowding in public health facilities forcing doctors to spend less time with patients, corruption and over- charging for services ( in which the referring doctor gets a cut) leading to the breakdown in the doctor- patient trust are some of the reasons recognised by the study. The basic course will be for 6 months and the black belt course for 30 months. said Dr Dr KK Agarwal, president of the Indian Medical Association ( IMA) . ? A survey done by the IMA found that 90% of the patients wanted doctors acknowledge and address them, 92% wanted doctors to listen, 89% wanted the doctors to explain what the illness is and keep them informed throughout. said Dr Aggarwal.
Cops immediately rushed to the spot. The area was cordoned off. Security alert was sounded in Pathankot early today when two suspicious bags were found lying unattended just a few yards away from the military base. twitter. WATCH: Pakistani intruder shot dead by BSF in Gurdaspur
98 per cent to close at Rs 1, 264. 35. 50 lakh shares of the company were traded on the BSE and over 18 lakh changed hands at the NSE during the day. During the day, it slipped 3. .
Mumbai, Apr 28 ( PTI) Foreign exchange reserves were just short of the life- time high after rising by USD 1. 250 billion to USD 371. 887 billion. 485 billion in the reporting week, the RBI said.
Radhika Goenka, heiress to the Welspun Group, is set to start her own line of women' s inner- wear - - Lingerie Shop. The first machine will be installed at a mall in Mumbai and will be gradually available in other parts of the country. This will also feature the launch of fully functional lingerie vending machines with its all- black collection, Be Mine, on display, read a statement.
New Delhi, May 3 ( PTI) Abhishek Bachchans Bollywood career may be going nowhere, but would he apply for a job as a junior level staff in the central government?
Well, not ' out of the sky' per say. The next thing Mannan knew was that " something very heavy" had fallen on him. At one point, Mannan stooped over at a green grocer' s stall to check out some cucumbers when calamity fell upon him. A living and breathing, 85- kg calf that fell out of the sky and on Mannan while he was shopping. Read more at FYI:
Pradeep Kumar, who played the lead in popular Telugu serial Saptha Matrika, was found hanging at his Puppalaguda, Hyderabad residence on Wednesday at 4am. While police is still investigating the possible cause of suicide, sources say financial issues could be the reason for the actor' s extreme step.
Ghanaian midfielder Muntari said he suffered abuse throughout his side' s 1- 0 defeat at Cagliari but was booked for dissent when he asked the match official to stop the game. The committee described the chanting as deplorable but said it came from a part of the stadium occupied by 2, 000 fans and that only around 10 were involved, not enough to warrant a punishment against the club under Serie A rules. The 32- year- old walked off the pitch in protest shortly afterwards and was then given a second yellow card and sent off. Earlier, the world players' union FIFPro had called on Serie A to rescind Muntari' s first yellow card.
Pappu urged Maoists not to kill the security forces. " Pappu Yadav also asked Narendra Modi why attacks by Maoists were continuing despite demonetisation since the Prime Minister had claimed that such strikes would end after the note ban move. Pappu Yadav was expelled from RJD in May 2015 for six years for indulging in " anti- party activities" .
At a time when the Bharatiya Janata Party led government at the Centre is mulling a change in strategy to deal with the Maoist menace after last week' s deadly Sukma attack, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has highlighted Bengal' s success story in dealing with the same. This includes 111 Maoists in 2017 ( till date) . 205 surrenderees have already been enrolled as Special Home Guards. Apart from employment, surrendering Maoists get financial incentives as well as assistance for housing, medical and child education, as per norms set up by the government, " Banerjee announced.
Whom should we fear? I am issuing this clarification because this is a sensitive matter that may hurt religious sentiments, which is not my intention, " Kajol has tweeted on Monday soon after her video went viral a day before. That' s a miscommunication. But let me tell them, even if you put entire Trinamool Congress in jail, I do not care. The Trinamool Congress supremo' s comment comes after the actor tweeted a clarification that a video that she had earlier shared on social media was not of beef but " legal" buffalo meat. " A video of me at a friend' s lunch said that there was a beef dish at the table.
Taking a tough stand against Pakistan in the wake of beheading of two Indian soldiers from across the Line of Control ( LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir, India has sent back a delegation of students from Pakistan. Pakistan has denied violating any ceasefire or killing Indian soldiers. Expressing regret over the return of the delegation, the NGO Routes2Roots said the trip had to be shortened and the students and teachers have been sent back to Lahore. " Also read: Krishna Ghati beheadings: Pakistan Army chief Qamar Bajwa authorised attack on Indian soldiers
fight darkness? ? ! s Delhi unit. AAP family? . 2. personal opinion? he had tweeted hours after AAP MLA Amanatullah Khan took to social media alleging that Vishwas was trying to take over the party and has been asking MLAs to make him the national convener. The party has given a clear message that it would not compromise on corruption, nationalism and its workers, ? The issue opened fault lines as Vishwas also took a stand against the party line. Heena Kausar ( @ heenakausar19) May 3, 20172. s highest decision making body is holding a meeting to resolve differences. 38pm: Delhi chief minister and AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal and senior leader Sanjay Singh tweeted a picture of AAP leaders, including Kumar Vishwas, saying that the ? I also assure everyone that there will be no obstacle in our fight against corruption that started from Jantar Mantar and got us all together, ? 03pm: Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia had also visited Vishwas on Tuesday. relative? 1. The meeting of the party?
In a major embarrassment for the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) , two party workers with whom BJP President Amit Shah had lunch last week in Naxalbari, have joined the Trinamool Congress ( TMC) . Raju Mahali and wife Geeta Mahali joined the TMC in the presence of West Bengal Tourism Minister Goutam Deb in Siliguri.
Police said the three had been directed to stop at a checkpost at Berhampur in the district, but instead sped through it. The SUV had a fake registration number, they said. Around 200 policemen have been deployed near Mankahnpur village, police said.
Nine other players have two scores off 99, a list which also has his countryman Salim Malik. Misbah had the dubious honour of becoming the first player from his country to finish on 99 not out during their first innings of last week' s seven- wicket first Test victory in Jamaica. The 42- year- old right- handed batsman also became the first player to score 99 in two consecutive Tests.
The proposal would be discussed during the one- day session of the Assembly tomorrow, Public Relations Department Minister Narottam Mishra said after attending a Cabinet meeting chaired by Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Participating in the Namami Devi Narmade Seva Yatra in the state last month, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh had suggested the MP government bring a bill in the Assembly to accord the living entity status to the river. This is to be done with immediate effect, " Mishra said.
However, after an hour of closed door meeting with Kejriwal and other AAP leaders, Kumar Vishwas left CM' s residence without speaking to the media. He is an inseparable part of our movement. We are sure that we will be able to convince him, " Kejriwal said.
But this incident is a reminder of the number of times Karnataka has been caught in porn controversies and how the politicians of the state have been involved in them. The photographs were sent by MLC Mahantesh Kavatagimath. Later, he is said to have apologised to the Belagavi media saying he had sent it by mistake.
Its research work will include clinical control trial, drug screening, pharmacognosy, drug discovery, drug standardisation, drug safety, chronic diseases study, and pharmacology. Prime Minister Narendra Modi today inaugurated a research centre at Baba Ramdev' s Patanjali Yogpeeth in Haridwar. com/ 7bYZNbW7Uk# WATCH: Portals of Kedarnath to be thrown open to devotees today after being closed for winters, PM Modi to visit temple shortly # Uttarakhandpic. twitter.
People like Nitish Kumar ( JD- U) , Mulayam Singh Yadav ( Samajwadi Party) , Lalu Prasad ( RJD) can never be one. oppn ( With additional inputs) New Delhi, May 2 ( PTI) Union Minister and LJP president Ram Vilas Paswan today took a dig at the opposition parties over their attempts at unity, saying they should not waste their time as there is no vacancy for the prime ministers post till 2024. Lauding Modi for promoting places associated with Dalit icon B R Ambedkar, he said his last speech delivered in the Constituent Assembly be included in school syllabi. There is no vacancy, " he said. The honour is generally not bestowed posthumously.
Sources in the Indian intelligence agencies told Indian Express that General Bajwa visited Pakistani military positions in Haji Pir on April 30 and it was during this visit he backed his forces to hit back at the Indian posts to revenge the killing of 7- 10 soldiers in Indian artillery firing on April 17. INDIA WARNS OF UNEQUIVOCAL RESPONSEIndia has warned Pakistan of an ' unequivocal response' to the beheading of its two soldiers on the Line of Control. WATCH: Krishna Ghati mutilation: A ground reportALSO READ: Months after surgical strikes, 55 terror training camps come up along LoCIndia warns Pakistan: We will respond at time and place of our choosing
Jamshedpur, May 2 ( PTI) A 20- year- old man died in lightning strike during a football match at Loyola Round under Bistupur police station here today, police said. Rajat Barla was playing a match when thunderbolt accompanied by rain lashed the city.
( No Champions Trophy decision without COA' s permission: Vinod Rai to BCCI) COA head Vinod Rai on Tuesday made it clear that BCCI office- bearers are not mandated to take any decision on India' s Champions Trophy participation without the COA' s approval. 3. However, since we have had the benefit of independently interacting with the ICC and other cricket boards as mentioned above, we consider it our duty to communicate our views on the matter to you prior to the SGM: ( a) It is extremely unlikely that the ICC and other cricket boards will agree to the amount/ share envisaged under the financial model that was put in place in 2014. 5. We believe that the outcome of the ICC Board Meetings held in Dubai during the last week of April 2017 could have been avoided if the resolutions passed during the Special General Meeting held on April 18, 2017 had authorized the Acting Secretary to arrive at a negotiated outcome ( within certain parameters akin to those set out during an earlier Special General Meeting held on February 19, 2016) instead of directing him to either seek deferment of a vote and, if that was not agreed to by the ICC and other cricket boards, vote against the revised ICC governance structure and revised financial model. 4. However, since we have had the benefit of independently interacting with the ICC and other cricket boards as mentioned above, we consider it our duty to communicate our views on the matter to you prior to the SGM: ( a) It is extremely unlikely that the ICC and other cricket boards will agree to the amount/ share envisaged under the financial model that was put in place in 2014. Whilst the Acting President and the Hon.
s public statements. RSS agent? Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) leader Kumar Vishwas on Tuesday accused a section of party colleagues of conspiring against him and said he will ? I will take a decision tonight. But political experts believe that Vishwas may have have crossed the red line for the temperamental chief minister, who is often accused of building the party around himself. I don? mask? ? .
This proposal is completely unacceptable. Revise and come on Friday or we are going to send someone who prepared this roadmap to jail, " the bench said. New Delhi, May 2 ( PTI) " You are making fun of this court, " an anguished Supreme Court told the Bihar government today, pulling it up for seeking two years time to appoint 174 stenographers in the police and rejecting its roadmap to fill up the vacancies in the force. The apex court had directed the UP government to start filling up the currently 1, 01, 619 vacant posts in the police and asked the state government to start recruiting 30, 000 constables every year from August 17 till August 2020, apart from filling up of 11, 376 posts of Sub- Inspector. It had said that Uttar Pradesh has 1. 51 lakh vacancies, West Bengal has 37, 325, Karnataka has 24, 899, Jharkhand 26, 303, Bihar 34, 500 and Tamil Nadu has 19, 803 posts vacant.
" Given the massive investment that China has made in countries along the One Belt, One Road, China now has a vested interest in helping resolve regional conflicts including the dispute over Kashmir between India and Pakistan" , it said. This is perhaps the first time that Chinese official media started floating Beijing' s interest in playing a mediatory role to resolve the Kashmir issue. WHAT IS CHINA' S OFFICIAL STAND? Due to its almost USD 50 billion investment in the China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) that passes through Pakistan- Occupied Kashmir ( PoK) , China has a " vested interest" in acting as a mediator between India and Pakistan to resolve the Kashmir issue, according to an article in a state- run daily. The summit is to be held from May 14- 15.
The incident has been reported from Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka. Another accused Balakrishna Naik is absconding. This is for the first time that a WhatsApp group admin has been arrested for publishing content against the PM.
The meeting which lasted for an hour also saw the Yogi Adityanath cabinet deciding to scrap manual tendering process in government departments and replacing it with online tendering. The foundation day celebrations will be held even outside the state, the Yogi Adityanath cabinet decided. Farmers will benefit from the factory. ( With inputs from Mausami Singh) ALSO READ: Jackets, saris, towels, even microphone wires: In Yogi' s UP, it is saffron, saffron and more saffron
An e- mail sent to Tata Teleservices did not elicit a response. The lay- offs are across locations, they said, adding that the severance package being offered to the employees impacted by the decision is one months salary for every year of service. 6 lakh crore.
Cold drinks and water bottles were also purchased at prices twenty to thirty times higher than their actual price. THE ' MISCOMMUNICATION' Responding to an RTI filed by an activist Ajay Bose, Central Railways had revealed that food items like 100 gram packets of Amul curd were purchased at Rs 14 crores for around 15, 336 units ( i. e. Rs 972 per unit) . NO STOCK MISMANAGEMENTOn the allegations of stock mismanagement, Central Railways said that the RTI reply suggested that the units offered were more than units purchased, which was again a mistake on the part of people who made the RTI reply. Total stock available includes opening stock and stock purchased. Accepting the negligence Kumar said, " This RTI reply had 1200 pages.
India, the World T20 2007 champion, lost six points to slip to fourth position in the latest ICC T20I Team Rankings released on Tuesday. South Africa have also slipped two places to fifth after conceding six points, but are one point ahead of Australia. The Virat Kohli- led team is now on 118 points, three points behind World T20 2009 winner Pakistan, who have joined second- placed England on 121 points after gaining five points but are ranked behind the World T20 2010 winner by a fraction of a point.
The reason? The group which has lodged the complaint says that the term is a ' caste slur' and since they are from the Katika caste, the dialogue was ' humiliating their community name' . We are not harsh, inhuman and anti- social people as the movies try to portray us, " the complaint read. " The Telangana and Andhra Pradesh governments recognise the Katika or the Arekatika community under the Backward Class ( BC) category.
The level of fiction can go to incredible heights. She will also be seen in Haseena ( based on the life of Dawood Ibrahim' s sister Haseena Parkar) and Saina ( the biopic of ace badminton player Saina Nehwal) . That Farhan is now legally divorced from Adhuna Bhabani has added fuel to the fire and it was being said that he is planning to make his relationship with Shraddha official soon. She had told PTI that she is usually unfazed but involving her family was unfair. "
The team is the first to demonstrate that human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ( HIV- 1) replication can be completely shut down and the virus eliminated from infected cells in animals with a powerful gene editing technology known as CRISPR/ Cas9. The researchers genetically inactivated HIV- 1 in transgenic mice, reducing the RNA expression of viral genes by roughly 60 to 95 per cent. Researchers, including those from Temple University in the US, build on their previous study in which they used transgenic rat and mouse models with HIV- 1 DNA incorporated into the genome of every tissue of the animals bodies. The AAV- DJ/ 8 subtype combines multiple serotypes, giving us a broader range of cell targets for the delivery of our CRISPR/ Cas9 system, " said Wenhui Hu, associate professor at Temple University.
Los Angeles, May 2 ( PTI) Actress- singer Selena Gomez and The Weeknd seemed inseparable as they made a red carpet debut as a couple at the 2017 Met Gala.
Met Gala 2017 was held last night, and guess who stole the show? - - the desi girl Priyanka Chopra, who else. While the star- studded event saw the who is and who of Hollywood walking in their fashionable and plush best, Priyanka Chopra appeared in a trench coat. The 34- year- old actor gave hotness a new synonym by pairing her double- breasted front- slit trench- coat- gown hybrid with black, high- top, high- heeled leather boots.
The university' s " Cheena Bhavan" has been entrusted with the task of teaching the language to the soldiers, officiating vice- chancellor of the university Swapan Kumar Dutta said. " To make Indian soldiers conversant with the Chinese language, the Visva- Bharati University has started a certificate- level course recently. The eligibility criteria remained the same as general students enrolled for the course.
At a meeting here, Khattar said the tagging of 89. The districts of Nuh, Yamunanagar and Fatehabad have already been declared stray cattle- free and the other districts would achieve this target by June 30, he said. The work to rehabilitate abandoned cattle is being undertaken in a mission mode and 27, 000 animals have already been accommodated in gaushalas, he said.
It is because anti- naxal operations are also based on local intelligence generated by state police. ' In an elaborate postmortem of the worst naxal attack in Burkapal, team of senior officers of CRPF feel that its personnel who were caught off guard were not sitting ducks. According to senior officials, the village was nearly empty at the time of the fatal ambush. Police stations in Maoist hot beds like the one closest to Burkapal, Chintagufa police station is inside the CRPF campus, leaving no scope for generating intelligence.
If there is any issue, talk to Arvind Kejriwal, " he said, adding that such acts result in loss to the party and Delhi. " Amanatullah had also alleged that Kumar Vishwas is trying to take control of the AAP replacing Arvind Kejriwal as the party convener. We need to have trust in the party. Staying rigid on his stand, Khan added, " Vishwas ate cake with Ajit Doval and Bassi when AAP MLAs were arrested. " They should refrain.
The BAT team had set up an ambush to target the patrol party of the Indian soldiers while the Pakistan Army engaged two Indian forward defence locations ( FDL) with rockets and mortar bombs, the officials said. Their bodies were mutilated by our neighbours. Stating that the sacrifices of the soldiers will not go in vain, he said the armed forces will appropriately react to this extreme form of barbaric act. # LoCAttack, # Mutilationpic. twitter.
Yogi Adityanath took the decision at a meeting in Gorakhpur on Sunday. In a bid to improve education quality in state- run schools and ensure regular attendance, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath wants pictures of faculty members pasted on school walls. This will be done to check and then cross- check from the students whether those whose pictures were displayed attend schools regularly and teach or not. This would no longer be tolerated, Adityanath told officials.
The woman, a professional singer was on her way from Koramngala to Begur when the driver stopped the cab at an isolated place around 2: 15 am and groped her. " The woman took shelter in Lakshmi Specialty Hospital and later filed an FIR with Bommanahalli police station. We have assured the customer of  full support in further investigation of the issue. ' Also Read: Mumbai: TV actor Parth Samthaan booked for molestation Nagpur: Lecturer booked for molestation, Shiv Sena workers blackens face
While Baahubali 2: The Conclusion has earned $ 10. 32 million ( Rs 59. In an amazing turn of events, Baahubali 2: The Conclusion, which released worldwide on April 28, has beaten the Hollywood film The Circle at the US box office and mind you, this is no simple feat. 8 crore) .
Somyajit on Sunday defeated Amalraj 4- 2 ( 8- 11, 13- 11, 11- 6, 11- 9, 4- 11, 11- 7) to become the third Indian to win a men' s singles title at an ITTF Challenge Series or ITTF World Tour tournament while Amalraj became the fourth Indian to reach such a final. Undoubtedly the second game was crucial. Trailing 8- 9 in the fourth, Amalraj opted for time- out and even managed to win the next point to level the score only to let the opportunity slip by. But that was all he could do as the next four points went Ghosh' s way and with that the title was secured. " I am really happy.
Jio said that Airtel is offering these recharges " in a grossly discriminating basis by providing the headline data benefits of 1 GB data per day for 70 days only to the new subscribers holding a 4G handset in conjunction with a 4G compatible SIM card. It said that Airtels advertisements of these offers are an attempt to lure prospective subscribers making them believe that they will be provided 1 GB data per day for 70 days. " . , " Jio said. When contacted, a Bharti Airtel spokersperson denied the allegations and said that the company is in full compliance of all regulatory guidelines, including tariff orders. "
Prabhas and Rana Daggubati shot for Baahubali: The Beginning and Baahubali: The Conclusion for up to five years. . ¹ 105. # Sultan â? 01 cr# Baahubali2 â?
In mine, I have faced a lot. When Mid- Day asked Priyanka Chopra what she, as someone with no godfather in the industry, felt about nepotism, the actor revealed that she has personally experienced it. I have been kicked out of films because someone else was recommended to the producer. .
Later, the students marched out the college and were joined by other stone pelters. As the clashes between stone pelters and police escalated, shopkeepers brought down the shutters of their shops. Trouble started after some students put out posters of slain Hizbul commander Burhan Wani on the administrative block of the Pulwama degree college. The video has been uploaded on the social media despite a ban in the Valley. Armed militants can be seen patrolling in an orchard.
Justice Karnan said he has ordered the Delhi Commissioner of Police to take the seven judges for a medical test to AIIMS. " The legal battle between the Supreme Court and Calcutta High Court judge CS Karnan took an amusing turn today after Karnan ordered a psychiatric medical examination of the seven Supreme Court judges who ordered the same on him. Justice Karnan had earlier banned eight Supreme Court judges, including Chief Justice J S Kehar from travelling abroad. He had also ordered CJI Kehar and seven other SC judges to appear before him.
The United States of America Cricket Association ( USACA) faces expulsion from the International Cricket Council ( ICC) in June, the sport' s global governing body said on Monday. The ICC said USACA had failed to work successfully with a group set up to help them rectify the position and had breached several other reinstatement conditions.
A total of 52 female police constables, in groups of two, will now operate from 6 am to 10 pm and will ensure no cases of eve teasing, of harassment occur under their watch. . After talking to the DCPs, we people have identified those areas which are generally crowded and from where there is a possibility of complaints of eve teasing coming. Full command and control of these people will be from Abhay, our command and control centre. Additional DCP, Kamal Shekhawat, will be the overall incharge of this unit.
Distraught with the apathy of the authorities, the jawan has said that there was no assistance from both the police and the Haryana government. " Family of Jogendra Giri, who is posted at Jammu border, was threatened after they opposed a liquor vendor in the village. After the jawan' s video went viral, Army ordered an inquiry into the case. " He did not approach the government, he shared the issue on social media. However, we assure that if proven we will suspend the police personnel who refused to take the jawan' s complaint, " said Dhal. This video is very old.
Strategic issues, including India' s NSG membership bid and ways to strengthen cooperation in counter- terrorism and trade are expected to be discussed during the visit of Turkish President Recep TayyipÂ  Erdogan. ( With inputs from agencies) ALSO READ |
Mumbai, May 1 ( PTI) Ace shuttler Pusarla Venkata Sindhu, who became the first Indian woman to win a silver medal at the Olympics last year, is the next sports personality whose story is heading to the big screen. It feels great to make a biopic on PV Sindhu . Its a story of a girl who have inspired millions of Indians and given a message that everyone can dream big and not only dream but achieve it too by doing hard work. "
The 50- year- old actor says he had almost joined the project but did not take up the offer due to " intimate scenes" in the film. " I had made up my mind to do it. Mumbai, Apr 30 ( PTI) Actor Irrfan Khan reveals filmmaker Tigmanshu Dhulia had offered him to play the titular role in " Revolver Rani, " which later went to Kangana Ranaut. But there were some intimate scenes that I thought people will not enjoy, " Irrfan told PTI. "
Patanjali agle panch varshon mein in videshi kampaniyon ko moksh de degi ( Patanjali will finish the MNCs up from the Indian market in next five years) , " he said. Comparing them to the East India Company that had entered the country with a purpose to " loot" , Ramdev said that he aims to make India free from the MNCs.
In the men' s final, however, Saurav Ghosal went down fighting against No. 1 seed Max Lee to finish second best. The second game was another long one and went to the extra points again as neither gave away an inch. Earlier, Ghosal faded after a bright start, which saw him win the opening game, dropping just five points, to go down 11- 5, 4- 11, 8- 11, 7- 11 in 61 minutes against Lee, ranked 17 in the world. Chinappa, however, was not shaken after falling behind and came out all guns blazing to run away with the fourth game as Pallikal made too many errors for her own comfort.
Jind, Apr 30 ( PTI) In a shocking remark, BJP MP Raj Kumar Saini today said Congress leaders should be " beaten up with shoes" for " not bringing development" in Haryana.
deeper conspiracy? political conspiracy? twitter. s favour. ? He first informed the district DCP Braja Kishore Singh and then tweeted about the incident at around 2 am, claiming it was meant to be an attack on his life. Surprisingly, the alleged attackers were accompanied by a Delhi Police officer. @ ANI_ news @ PTI_ News @ apnnewsindia? . said Tiwari. Tiwari added.
While addressing a party meeting at Chandrakona in West Midnapore district, the partys state committee member Shyamapada Mondal alleged that Banerjee has been doing what Muslims do as their religious practice. " Mamata Banerjee is practising the politics of appeasement and indulging in theatrics. We cannot understand whether Mamata Banerjee is a man or a woman.
According to the police, three suspected men hired a white Tavera car from Jammu and later tied its driver Kabir Hussain. They are believed to have fled towards the border areas. A high alert has been sounded in Jammu' s border district of Kathua today following reports of three men hijacking a Tavera vehicle from near Jammu bus stand. They were seen without any luggage or arms.
Emails sent to Ola remained unanswered. 77 crore in the previous fiscal. 89 crore in 2015- 16 from Rs 99. By Stuti Roy and Moumita Bakshi Chatterjee New Delhi, Apr 30 ( PTI) SoftBank- backed cab aggregator Ola posted a consolidated loss of over Rs 2, 311 crore - - about Rs 6 crore a day - - during fiscal 2015- 16, on account of heavy advertising and promotional expenses and high employee cost. With the pull- back in incentives etc in recent months, its possible this has now dropped to levels at par with e- commerce companies that spend roughly Rs 2- 3 for every rupee earned, " she added. the world?
He also expressed hope that real estate prices would decline more once RBI allows banks and housing finance firms to lend to developers for land purchases and approval processes for projects are further streamlined and shortened. What this effectively means is that any developer, for affordable housing project, has to pay zero tax. We have seen big builders in big cities approaching us that they want to get into affordable housing. It shows the importance, the urgency and the critical need that housing requires in a vast country like ours, " he said. On other good provisions, Parekh said when a builder earlier had unsold flats in a completed project, the notional rent was taxed on these unsold flats from the year in which the project was completed. 5 per cent.
The civic body, in a report prepared at the end of the 2016- 17 fiscal, has identified these hotels among 166 alleged defaulters, which have dues pending above Rs 10 lakh for the last four years. On the defaulter list are hotels like Taj Palace ( Rs 42 crore) , The Leela ( Rs 18 crore) , Claridges ( Rs 4 crore) among others, the highest being Delhi Golf Club which owes NDMC Rs 700 crore, " said a senior NDMC official from the taxation department. If they fail to do so, NDMC can attach their assets. We have sought a resassessment and the matter is pending in court, " the official said.
Kumar Vishwas called some MLAS and asked them that he should be made the party convenor, " said the legislator from Okhla in south Delhi. Some people are trying to show that there is a gulf between us. Nobody can separate us. " The AAP finished much behind the BJP in all three wings of the municipal corporation. Watch the video
Out of these companies, 140 are already facing trading restrictions for certain other regulatory non- compliance. New Delhi, Apr 30 ( PTI) Leading exchange BSE will impose trading restrictions on 161 companies from May 5 for their failure to pay the annual listing fee. The firms being placed under T group are W S Industries ( India) , Alps Industries, Bilpower, Madhucon Projects, Rei Agro, Software Technology Group Intl, Parabolic Drugs and Hanung Toys & Textiles.
30 am. he added. Joint commissioner of police ( northern range) Rajesh Khurana confirmed to HT that the accused, 24- year- old Nitin, died around 1. They alerted the police, after which a team of three policemen was rushed to the spot. Though Supreme Court guidelines stipulate that an FIR must be registered in an encounter death, deputy commissioner of police ( Rohini) Rishi Pal said no fresh case would be filed in this connection. ?
Taking a jibe on the previous Akhilesh Yadav government, Yogi Adityanath said, " It had become the identity of Uttar Pradesh that the spot from where potholes appear and where darkness sets in at the stroke of evening, the boundary of UP starts. " Yogi Adityanath said, " We will provide 24- hour power supply to every district headquarters. Yogi Adityanath reiterated that his government would establish the rule of law in Uttar Pradesh. Anti- social elements will not be spared, Yogi Adityanath said.
The move would allow women and children to access washrooms even in five- star hotels of South Delhi, Goel said, adding that the decision was taken on a suggestion from lieutenant governor Anil Baijal. ? said SDMC additional commissioner ( health) Meeta Singh. Amlani said.
Instead he chants Om. As the path of ancient sages also meant practice of celibacy, so he took a vow - to never marry. New Delhi, Apr 30 ( PTI) A young Ramdev was so moved by the writings of Dayanand Saraswati that he quit the government school as the curriculum was a leftover of the colonial education policy, fled from home and enrolled himself in a gurukul. The Baba Ramdev Phenomenon: From Moksha to Market" , published by Rupa, offers a detailed account of Ramdevs journey from attaining moksha in the Himalayas to ruling the market, especially the FMCG sector, with his Patanjali products. It introduced me to the wisdom of our ancestors. Its a progressive approach based on tark ( logic) , tathya ( facts) , yukti ( argument) and praman ( evidence) .
Donald was expected to take charge as the assistant coach at English county side Kent who have agreed to release him for a two- month stint with SLC' s pace coaching unit, Sri Lanka Cricket said. The 50- year- old Bloemfontein- born Donald picked up 272 One day international wickets during his 12- year career with the ODI side. In 2008, Donald with former England spinner Ashley Giles led Warwickshire to second division County Championship title.
The slums are deprived of water, sewage and toilets. Accompanied with Leader of Opposition Vijendra Gupta, he visited the slum and had his morning meal at a resident' s house. " Work is here where I am standing ( in the slums) . .
In order to motivate one of the constants, Rana narrated his own story that left the audience shell- shocked. If I close my left eye, I can see no one. " " LV Prasad operated me when I was young. Prabhas, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah, Sathyaraj and Ramya Krishnan star in pivotal roles in this instalment of Baahubali too.
The poll panel? Rawat has recused himself from hearing all cases and complaints related to the AAP, saying it was important to protect EC? Stung by a series of poll defeats, chief minister Arvind Kejriwal and several colleagues have raised doubts over the electronic voting machine, alleging EVMs were tampered with to benefit the BJP. s membership of the Delhi assembly be cancelled as there was no provision for the post of deputy chief minister in the NCT of Delhi act, which deals with government formation, assembly and other such subjects. Sisodia? s recommendations.
In the last edition, the PM spoke about the significance of having good relations with Bangladesh. Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the nation with his monthly radio show Mann Ki Baat. Schemes like Digidhan Melas, maternity leave and skill development programmes too were discussed.
The distributors, producers and filmmakers say they want to protect the interest of Pakistani movies as two big films, " Yalghaar" and " Shor Sharaba" , along with others in the pipeline, are slated for an Eid release. " If required we can even go to the court, " producer Altaf Hussain said. Those trying to stall the release of the Salman KhaN- starrer are citing a law passed by the Federal Ministry of Information in 2010 which forbids the release of any Indian film on a Muslim holiday. " Hussain said the associations are planning to send an official letter to Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif as well.
The veteran had even looked the more likely winner as he defied a 14- year age gap and was outboxing Joshua in the latter stages until the Briton produced a blistering finish to take his unbeaten record to 19 straight stoppage wins. What can I say? As I said, I am not perfect but I am trying, " Joshua told the cheering crowd from the ring. " Both men had to dig deep and both looked close to exhaustion before the 27- year- old Joshua' s youth, fitness and sheer power took over in a penultimate round that sent the huge crowd into ecstasy as two barrages sent Klitschko down. " Anthony was better today.
Farmers are committing suicide in Tamil Nadu. Talking about the drought in the state, Stalin said that people were suffering because of the lack of relief from the Union Government. He went on to say that the BJP government did not show any urgency to address the teeming issues like water disputes with neighbouring states or attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen. " Days after targeting the BJP- led central government for enforcing Hindi on non- speakers, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK) working president and treasurer MK Stalin today fired yet another salvo. à ®¤à ®®à ®¿à ®' à ®? ! pic.
On his second visit to Gorakhpur after assuming charge as Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister, Yogi Adityanath warned law- breakers of strict action if they took law into their hands. We will not compromise with law and order and those who violate law will not be spared" , warned Yogi Adityanath. ' MEDIA SHOULD PLAY A POSITIVE ROLE' Adityanath, who was addressing a gathering at the swearing- in ceremony of new office bearers of Gorakhpur Press Club announced that he will establish rule of law in the state. Also read: Quit Uttar Pradesh if you cannot respect the law, warns CM Yogi Adityanath
05pm. " After this, I approached the consumer forum seeking Rs 20, 000 from the railways for the mental harassment caused to me, " Garg said. 40am the next day, " Garg said. But, he said no one woke him up. "
The Director of Education ( DoE) has also asked schools to create awareness among students about adverse impact of indiscriminate burning of firecrackers on public health. " In view of the gravity of harm to human health due to inferior ambient air quality, schools should take action to install air filters as per need, " a communication sent to schools on Friday reads. It also asks schools to take " proper steps" to educate students on the need for improvement of air quality. "
Starring Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron and a bevy of beauties, Baywatch has Priyanka Chopra playing the baddie, Victoria Leeds, and she has slayed it as the bad boss lady! . it is actually even more fun! Britney is such a huge star. She added, " This was my idea and I thought that it would be a fun replacment, and Katrina was really cool about it.
CONGRATULATIONS @ FCBayernEN! ! The Bavarians had promised to bounce back following their mid- week German Cup semi- final defeat to Borussia Dortmund and last week' s Champions League exit to Real Madrid. ? ð? # WOBFCB 0- 6 pic.
Now, Raj Thackeray- led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS) has written letters to building constructors and asked them to stop discrimination while selling flats in their buildings. We had raise this issue in BMC and had asked mayor to make a strict law so that there will not be any discrimination about not selling flats to non- vegetarian people. One such letter was written to Shri Chamunda Realtors by MNS spokesperson Sandeep Deshpande. Raj Thackeray- led MNS has seen debacle over debacle since last Lok Sabha election.
Zindagi ( Na Milegi Dobara) was real. She mentioned how she was just recovering from an injury during the shoot of the Bang Bang title track and how her pain did not allow her to dance as well as she wanted to alongside Hrithik Roshan. Zoya wanted me to be as close to who I was in real life. She said that while Farah Khan is a Manmohan Desai fan and works in the commercial space, Zoya Akhtar' s filmmaking was understated. " Loved Varun Dhawan in Badrinath Ki Dulhania. He speaks like a poet and he has got an energy which never stops.
And their on- screen reunion has got almost everybody talking. If this was not enough, Katrina is happy that she is reuniting with her Mere Brother Ki Dulhan director Ali Abbas Zafar for Ek Tha Tiger sequel. " It' s a really special set to be on because firstly, Salman is there. It was his first film as a director.
. In a simultaneous development, based on the inputs from Krishna Bahadur, the other security guard who was injured in the Kodanad estate attack, police have released a sketch of one of the assailants. Something to do with properties purchased illegally. We need proper investigation into this. . "
The National Aviators Guild, representing local pilots of Jet Airways, had earlier this month issued a directive to its members not to fly with expatriate commanders from May 1 after one of the foreign pilots allegedly assaulted a trainer in Bengaluru. Jet Airways had called a meeting with the NAG on April 26 but as most of its members were flying, it could not take place at that time, the source said. The meeting is now likely to happen next week.
Yep, it is true. Popular comedy show Hum Paanch, which was produced by Ekta Kapoor, is all set to return on the small screen.
The Delhi University? dress was. proper? ( sic) . ? Residents of the hostel have started raising their voice against the diktat, with students pasting messages on the notice board calling the rule ?
New Delhi, Apr 28 ( PTI) As the US under President Donald Trump turns more protectionist, telecom czar Sunil Bharti Mittal today asked if India should say no to Facebook and Google just because it has similar homegrown apps. If you come to a situation where skilled workers which actually drive your economy back home are going to be denied ( entry) or Indian companies are forced to pay a particular salary just to become uncompetitive in those countries, I think that becomes an affirmative action against the companies that want to do trade there, " he said.
In a well- disposed move, the Border Security Force ( BSF) today handed over a 15- year- old boy on humanitarian grounds to Pakistan authorities after he strayed to the Indian territory unknowingly. Mai was apprehended by BSF personnel on Friday, when he crossed over the International Border ( IB) , BSF spokesperson RK Kataria ( Punjab Frontier) said.
Allahabad, Apr 29 ( PTI) The Allahabad High Court has transferred close to 400 judicial officers, nearly half of them of the Additional District and Sessions Judge rank, in a major reshuffle in the lower judiciary in Uttar Pradesh. The reshuffle has been markedly comprehensive in the districts like Jhansi, Banda, Moradabad and Sitapur - each of them having six ADJs to have been shifted elsewhere. Lucknow, Meerut, Mainpuri, Bijnor and Hamirpur have five transferred ADJs each.
THE FREIGHT AND ITS JOURNEYThe train was loaded with pharmaceuticals, machinery, baby milk and whiskey. The new freight train linking China directly to the UK is about 1000 km shorter than the record- holding China- Madrid link, which opened in 2014. It has just 88 shipping containers compared to the 10, 000 to 20, 000 containers cargo ships can carry, according to the Yiwu government. ECONOMIC SENSE OF EAST WIND
Advani lost 3- 6 in the final to his Chinese opponent and it meant that he could not become the first player to win both Asian titles in Billiards and Snooker in same calendar year. A victory will make Advani only player in history to win all Majors in two sports at all levels and across all formats. India' s top cueist Pankaj Advani lost to China' s Lv Haotian in the summit clash of Asian Snooker Championship here today, as he failed in his bid to win the continental double of billiards and snooker titles in the same year. But at 2- 3, Advani was yet again kept away from the table by his Chinese opponent.
The Uttar Pradesh Special Task Force ( STF) had yesterday raided seven petrol pumps which were allegedly using remote- controlled electronic chip in fuel dispensing machines to dupe unsuspecting consumers. In a tweet he said, " When petrol can be stolen from remote by a chip without any internet connection then it can happen in an EVM also, " he said. After the Municipal Corporations of Delhi ( MCD) election results in which the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) made a clean sweep, the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) too had claimed that EVMs were hacked. This is not Modi wave, this is EVM wave.
According to locals, actor Vikram himself was behind the wheels when the crash took place. Have known u always as a great girl. . ul b remembered forever.
A 23- year- old man from Kurkheda has been caught by the police for sending objectionable, and vulgar content to Devon Ke Dev Mahadev actress Sonarika Bhadoria. According to reports, the person is a college student who even cherished the hopes of marrying the actress.
Every now and then, educational institutions surprise the world with rules that are beyond the realms of logic. A picture of the said circular has created quite a stir on social media with its content confusing and amusing people in equal parts. " All hostel boarders informed that bed sharing is strictly prohibited in girls hostel, " the notice states before delving into the technicalities of the rule.
. ? ð? Heaping praise on SS Rajamouli for Baahubali 2, filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma took a dig at the Khans, Roshans and Chopras of Bollywood, saying Rajamouli is " bigger" than the aforementioned superstars. India' s most awaited film Baahubali: The Conclusion is in theatres and has opened to phenomenal response from fans all over the world.
to evacuation plans. The committee indicted the operators, Delhi International Airport Limited ( DIAL) and the ministry of civil aviation for what it says was the ? s observations. ? The airport serves as a model to most other airports in India and worldwide on parameters such as passenger amenities, user friendliness, accessibility, cleanliness, security, entertainment, retail offerings and various other aspects, ? nightmarish? sole responsibility?
Someone retweeting anti Anna Hazare messages from account. My account hacked. Pls do not believe them. One such anti- Hazare message retweeted from his account read: " No doubt he ( Anna Hazare) has taken all of us for a ride: now I strongly feel that he is an agent of BJP" .
They are aggressive, they are dedicated. Closing his speech Rai addressing Tendulkar said, " I think Indian cricket is once again at its peak, you would agree. He went on to urge the former greats of Indian cricket to take a stand over administrative matters using their position of influence to clean the system. " All that you must be reading in the newspapers is unfortunate and I do not think we are doing good service to the excellent team we have. "
The association represents all members of Indian Administrative Service ( IAS) . They may also help the children in such families to get admission in a school, " Sanjay Bhoosreddy, honorary secretary of Indian Civil and Administrative Service ( Central) Association, said. They will ensure that the children of the martyred soldiers continue getting good education and mentor them so that they can pursue the career of their choice based on their aptitude and talent, the association said. ALSO READ:
Days after the Uttar Pradesh government cancelled holidays celebrating the birthdays and death anniversaries of eminent personalities, Delhi deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia announced on Friday that Delhi too will follow suit. In a tweet, Sisodia lauded the step taken by the Yogi Adityanath government. The UP government has made a good start and we should always be ready to learn from such examples, ? Sisodia tweeted. ? Manish Sisodia ( @ msisodia) April 28, 2017He said he has directed the chief secretary to take necessary steps. Sisodia also tweeted that Delhi government is encouraged by the fact that its initiative of Mohalla Clinic and end of Red Beacon is getting support at the national level? 1/ 3? Manish Sisodia ( @ msisodia) April 28, 2017The Uttar Pradesh government has cancelled 15 public holidays marking the birth or death anniversary of eminent personalities. Among the cancelled holidays are Milad un- Nabi, Chhat and Valmiki Jayanti. Uttar Pradesh has 42 public holidays of which at least 17 are related to the birth anniversaries of eminent personalities. Most of the holidays had been declared by the previous Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) and Samajwadi Party ( SP) governmentsHowever, the Delhi government is yet to come out with the list of holidays which will be cancelled. Most of the holidays had been declared by the previous Bahujan Samaj Party ( BSP) and Samajwadi Party ( SP) governmentsHowever, the Delhi government is yet to come out with the list of holidays which will be cancelled. ? ?
s AGM. From 2018, that will fall to between £ 18m and £ 13m as dividend equivalent payments are scrapped. Leap? The question of a successor has exercised investors in recent years, with Guy Jubb, the former head of governance at Standard Life Investments, using his final appearance at a WPP annual meeting in 2015 to criticise the apparent ? His pay has been a flashpoint in the past. ? he said. .
The already protracted and sometimes rancorous negotiations between the players' union and Cricket Australia ( CA) precede the expiry of the current five- year deal, which runs out at the end of June. Australia' s professional cricketers rejected a pay offer from the sport' s governing body on Friday, saying the proposal was " a win for cricket administrators but a loss for cricket" . The fact that CA has, despite various attempts to do so, produced no logical reason to break the successful partnership model and longstanding relationship with players, leaves the players unclear as to CA' s objectives. "
New Delhi, Apr 28 ( PTI) Hello, I am an ISI agent. Muhammad Ahmad Sheikh Muhammad Rafiq, a Pakistani passport holder, approached a help desk at the airport and conveyed to a lady at the counter that he wanted to share information about Pakistans snooping agency, ISI.
It is 21. 5 percent. Manohar said no revenue model which said India were to get USD 570 million was ever discussed. ICC is aware and conscious of how much money is required to run the game. " India badly rebuffed.
The two actors had been reportedly uncomfortable with each ever since they broke up. Although the film' s promotions have not begun yet, Ranbir and Katrina appearing together publicly and clicking a selfie has left us all perplexed. Whenever they share that plan with me, and since it is my own film, I will be happy to do whatever they feel is good for it, " Katrina was quoted by the newspaper. Here, have a look:
The question of change of leadership will also be discussed in the party, Vishwas told India Today. Now, AAP PAC member Kumar Vishwas has launched an offensive against the top leadership of the party. Kumar Vishwas has hit out at Delhi Chief Minister and AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal over a range of issues.
said a DMRC spokesperson. ? The process, however, will take time as faces of these men are not visible in the CCTV but through appearance and clothes, police is trying to identify them from the cameras installed at other locations. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) has submitted the probe report of the April 9 porn clip incident to the police, identifying three young men as suspects. an official said. the official added.
Khan said Bangladesh had failed to reciprocate Pakistan' s visits with the Bangladesh Cricket Board turning down an invitation to play two T20 internationals in Pakistan. " Pakistan has since travelled to Bangladesh in 2011 and 2015 and were scheduled to play two Tests, three ODIs and a Twenty20 International in July and August in the South Asian country. We had spoken about the possibility of hosting them ( Bangladesh in Pakistan) this year, " the PCB chairman told ESPNcricinfo. "
The mistake was pointed out on Twitter by journalist Man Aman Chhina, who shared a screenshot of the press release saying, " Punjab PR department copy pastes press release of Rajesh Khanna for Vinod Khanna. After a photo of the actor looking a frail shadow of his former self went viral, it sparked rumours of a cancer scare, and it was being said that he is suffering from bladder cancer. Read: Vinod Khanna- Sanjay Dutt' s emotional father- son story will make you teary- eyed
New Delhi, Apr 27 ( PTI) Priyanka Gandhi Vadra today said her finances had nothing to do with those of her husband Robert Vadras or his company Skylight Hospitality which is under Haryana governments scanner over its land deals with realty major DLF. The statement said the land was resold to the original owner four years later on February 17, 2010 for Rs 80 lakh, the then prevailing market price. The money was accepted through cheque.
A company comprises around 100 paramilitary personnel. New Delhi, Apr 27 ( PTI) The Election Commission has sought an unprecedented 74, 000 paramilitary personnel from the Centre for deployment during the bypoll to the Anantnag Lok Sabha constituency on May 25. The EC has conveyed to the Home Ministry that 740 companies of paramilitary forces should be put at its disposal by May 12, official sources said.
Russia? . There were no reports of casualties on either ship, but the Russian boat sank. s Black Sea fleet and is equipped with radio and sonar equipment. According to Russian media reports, it had returned from a voyage to the Mediterranean at the end of January.
With the BCCI having missed the squad announcement deadline for the tournament, even the Indian cricketers are unsure if they will get a chance to defend the title they won in 2013. It' s clear any such decision will not have the blessings of COA. " ( Also Read: BCCI loses both revenue and governance vote at ICC meet) We may have to cough up a heavy figure.
The EVMs used in the February election should be taken into judicial custody, the court ordered, seeking a response from the Election Commission, the state Election Commission, and the BJP' s Vikasnagar MLA MS Chauhan within six weeks. The petition was filed by Congress leader Navprabhat.
If aviation connectivity in tier- II and tier- III cities is enhanced in these places, it will be beneficial, " he said. " Prime Minister Narendra Modi today flagged off the first Rs 2, 500- an- hour flight from Shimla as part of the UDAN ( Ude Desh Ka Aam Nagrik) scheme that makes air travel accessible to lower middle class families. Air India subsidiary Alliance Air, which will operate the Delhi- Shimla flight, has capped the fare at Rs 2, 036. The regional flight on the Shimla- Delhi sector was flagged off from Jubbarhatti, which is 22 km from Shimla. With inputs from IANS
The issue of specific framework for trial services had cropped- up last year after newcomer Reliance Jios stormy entry into the telecom sector. The upcoming consultation paper is expected to address issues like the number of subscribers that can be on- boarded during the trial period by a new operator, as also the duration for such network and service testing. It may be recalled that the cellular operators body COAI had, last year, alleged that the new entrant Reliance Jio was attempting to acquire customers by offering connection loaded with freebies, in the guise of a trial launch.
The Opposition should also start working instead of doing bayanbaazi. In an exclusive interview to India Today, Amit Shah appeared confident of BJP' s win the 2019 general elections and slammed the Opposition for trying to stall Modi government' s development agenda. " Our party cadres have worked tirelessly on the grass root level to get the results that we have seen in the recent past, " he said.  " Trinamool Congress leaders were caught on camera receiving money. How can they deny that?
cancer complications? Women? His mainstream film- making took a dip in the 2000s, after the poorly received remake of Charade, The Truth About Charlie and a new version of The Manchurian Candidate, but he restored his reputation with the wedding comedy- drama Rachel Getting Married and the likable girl- rocker film Ricki and the Flash. . s celebrated one- man show Swimming to Cambodia ( 1987) , and shot a profile of US president Jimmy Carter ( Man from Plains, 2007) . ? He could do anything. Admired his movies, his documentaries, his concert films.
4 billion years. Drilled from rocks that were once beneath the seafloor, the fossils resemble living fungi and could push back the date for the oldest fungi by one to two billion years. They are made up of jumbles of tangled threads some hundredths of a millimetre thick.
The Supreme Court today said that the Lokpal bill is a " workable piece of legislation" and there is no justification to keep its implementation pending. The selection panel for Lokpal also comprises the Prime Minister, the Lok Sabha speaker, the Chief Justice of India ( CJI) or a sitting Supreme Court judge nominated by the CJI, and an eminent jurist nominated by the President on the basis of recommendations made by the other members of the panel. The Congress has 45 members in Lok Sabha. ALSO READ:
Vinod Khanna' s Amar Akbar Anthony co- star Amitabh Bachchan was shocked by the news and left a Sarkar 3 promotional event mid- way and is currently on his way to the hospital. The actor is survived by wife Kavita Khanna and his four children, Rahul Khanna, Akshaye Khanna, Sakshi Khanna and Shraddha Khanna. The actor was the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) member of the Lok Sabha from Punjab' s Gurdaspur constituency. Starting his career with minor roles in 1969, over the years the actor built up a hugely successful career and featured in some of the biggest Bollywood hits like " Mere Apne" , " Insaaf" " Parvarish" " Muqaddar Ka Siqandar" , " Qurbani" , " Dayavaan" , " Mera Gaon Mera Desh" " Chandni" " The Burning Train" and " Amar, Akbar, Anthony" among many more, said Krishnamurthy who was associated with him for past nearly five decades.
Air India yesterday opened bookings for the first launch flight from Shimla to Delhi with all inclusive fares starting at Rs2, 036. Report have it the first flight today will not be flying at full capacity on its 70- seater ATR airplane because of payload restrictions related to the short Shimla airfield. Under UDAN, 50 per cent of the seats on each flight would have a cap of Rs 2, 500 per seat/ hour. | | Read more | | Udan scheme: Now you can fly to these 43 cities, see the full list hereUDAN scheme to fly hour- long flights capped at Rs 2, 500 to smaller cities
If EVM machines are faulty then how did they win earlier? On a day when the Bharatiya Janata Party swept the municipal elections in the capital, party chief Amit Shah slammed Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal over allegations of faulty electronic voting machines ( EVMs) . " He also added that no one from the TMC were in touch with BJP in response to the Trinamool supremo' s allegation that BJP was trying to break her party using central agencies. The administration in Bengal has been communalised and that is why such ( communal) incidents are taking place. .
In a massive blow to its influence in the International Cricket Council, the BCCI was on Wednesday decimated at the global body' s Board Meeting where the majority voted for a change in governance and revenue structures. The only country that voted alongside BCCI was Sri Lanka.
Gandhi wrote. Gandhi said. ? So, the timing is appropriate. s national convener Arvind Kejriwal, Mayank Gandhi has slammed the Delhi CM in an open letter on Wednesday as the BJP looked set to complete hat- trick of its rule in the three MCDs. Arvind, the unselfish hero who would never compromise, was dead. When I announced from the stage that you will remove the tubes if you were force fed during your Jantar Mantar fast, there were tears in my eyes along with many others in the audience. 3. To further look like a strong leader, remove anyone and everyone from the party that has a differing point of view. embrace it. We had come to fight them not become another version of them, ? Here? What more do you want?
Sources said that while several people survived by swimming towards the bank of the river, three of them died and many others were injured. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakhs to each of the deceased' s family. Also read:
India' s criminalisation of homosexuality did not stop a Punjab police sub- inspector from marrying a woman and that too with full Punjabi style. Reportedly, the wedding took place in the presence of their families, many classmates and colleagues of Manjit too were present at the ceremony. This is not the first time that a same- sex couple has gotten married. Also read:
Something very strange has happened and I want to know what. Ive sent rabbits all around the world and nothing like this has happened before, " Edwards said. " After the viral video, no- one wanted responsibility for killing what was to be the worlds biggest rabbit, " the source said, referring to the controversy United Airlines was embroiled in after a passenger was forcibly removed from plane earlier this month. Hes upset, " she said. Continental giants cost 5, 000 pounds a year to keep.
Unfortunate that people of Delhi have rejected it in the MCD elections: Anna Hazare1: 01 pm: We dedicate this win to CRPF jawans who lost their lives in Sukma attack: Manoj Tiwari, Delhi BJP chief12: 51 pm: Think the President should dismiss the Delhi government and order fresh elections. Congress ahead on 45, Aam Aadmi Party on 22. As per the trends/ results available for 270 seats, the BJP won 183, Congress 36 and the AAP 41. twitter. BJP ahead 183 seats, Congress 35, AAP 39, Others 1310: 00 am: BJP' s Parmajit Singh Rana wins from Rajender Nagar 9: 56 am: BJP' s Ritu Oberoi wins from Mahavir Nagar with over 5000 votes9: 48 am: People of Delhi wants fresh Assembly polls. The win in Delhi MCD polls shows PM Narendra Modi' s acceptability to the masses: BJP president Amit Shah11: 37 am: Such huge win not possible without rigging of EVMs: Manish Sisodia on BJP' s win in MCD elections 11: 34 am: The rout of AAP in MCD, 2 years after spectacular win in Assembly elections, despite poor performance of BJP in MCD, shows abysmal performance of AAP government: Prashant Bhushan 11: 25 am: Results/ Trends of 270 seats - BJP 180 | Congress 35 | AAP 45 | Others 1011: 00 am: Arvind Kejriwal has been defeated because of his arrogance. BJP ahead on 58 seats, Congress 17 and AAP on 10. 58 per cent.
Bad attitude n service! . I fly @ emirates regularly n this is 1st time I have come across this kind of attitudeRecently, the Baahubali team including Rajamouli, Prabhas, Rana Anushka and Shobu were in Dubai to promote their much- anticipated Baahubali: The Conclusion. LSO READ: Baahubali 2 new posters | Amarendra Baahubali, Devasena look majestic
In a freak incident, which delayed the Air India flight by an hour, a catering van hit the door of an ATR aircraft at Delhi? ? said an airport source. No police case has been filed but an internal enquiry is being conducted since at the airside, vehicles allowed to move at a certain speed and in most of the occasions, they are asked to seek direction from follow me vehicle. the official added.
accidental damage? s floodplains by the event. s team refused to comment on this ongoing war between scientists and experts of the two panels. the foundation? ? s report has claimed. The NGT panel had accused the foundation of levelling and compacting the soil resulting in heavy damage to the floodplains as it stopped the soil?
We are also dismayed by the acts of omission and commission by the government following the incident, including the delay and marked reluctance in arresting all those guilty of the act, " the letter read. The incident had triggered a debate across the political spectrum, with many criticising Raje for not condemning the incident and her government' s reluctance in punishing the perpetrators. Khan and four others were attacked while they were going towards Haryana after purchasing cattle from Rajasthan' s Ramgarh. Also Read:
WHY WAS MALLIKARJUNA ARRESTED? A person named Shah Faisal told that he had collected a parcel from Chennai and gave it to Chandrasekar, who had posed as a member of Parliament, " the police said. Mallikarjuna had been accompanying Dinakaran everywhere ever since Sukesh was arrested on April 16 for allegedly striking a deal of Rs 50 crore to help the AIADMK ( Amma) faction keep the poll symbol. Dinakaran later announced he would stay away from party affairs, and that he could be removed only by Sasikala. At the same time, he denied having paid any money to Sukesh  in an attempt to obtain the AIADMK' s symbol for his camp, police said. Mallikarjuna was arrested for allegedly facilitating the deal between Dinakaran and Sukesh Chandrasekar, Praveer Ranjan said.
capital punishment? 2. s tweet on BJP? negative politics? 19 pm: The Delhi municipal poll results offer a big lesson to the Aam Admi Party ( AAP) and chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, writes DK Singh. . Aadmi Party leader and Delhi deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia: ? Click here to read about six things you should look out for as the results trickle in. 40 am: MCD election result trends: 11. ? Manish Sisodia ( @ msisodia) April 26, 201711. t work. 13 am: ? The party is seeking a hat- trick in the civic body polls and a win will help it keep up the momentum of its big wins in recent assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Here are the counting day highlights: 7 pm: Delhi State Election Commission says civic polls were carried out smoothly, and dismisses allegations of EVMs being tampered with. s sake. 12. 43 am: What? says AAP? 02 am: AAP? 12 am: In the Dwarka ward in south MCD, the BJP is leading by 599 votes after first round. # MCDelections2017 @ htTweets @ htdelhi pic.
A Sahara Group spokesperson confirmed the development to PTI. " Yes, the Income Tax Department has raised Rs 48, 085. The AVL, in its income return filed for AY 2012- 13, had reflected a loss of few crores but the special I- T audit brought up the added income, a senior official said.
Barring one, the two other civic bodies have been incurring losses. The BJP leader, who was confident of a good show by his party in the MCD polls, the results of which will be declared tomorrow, said the civic bodies needed to be " revamped" in order to deliver the services to the people more effectively. New Delhi, Apr 25 ( PTI) Union minister Vijay Goel today batted for the unification of the three municipal corporations in the national capital saying a discussion over the issue was pertinent.
The India Today- Axis My India exit poll predicted that the BJP would win as many as 202 to 220 of the 270 wards in which voting took place on Sunday. The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) has asked its supporters not to celebrate any victories out of respect for the 25 Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) who were martyred in a Maoist ambush attack in Chhattisgarh' s Sukma district on Monday. The poll indicated that the BJP' s main rivals, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal' s Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) and the Congress, would win 23 to 25 seats, and 19 to 31 seats, respectively.
Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan has alleged that RSS was behind the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi. The state BJP chief is going to meet the regional head of RSS this evening.
It? In a written statement, ITPO CMD LC Goyal said the execution of IECC requires dismantling of Hall No. As the ITPO did not wait for the court to pronounce its decision, we have lost all hope. Conservationists are perplexed as the demolition took place as one petition by Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage ( INTACH) to save these structures is still being heard in the same court with next hearing slated for May 1. s silver jubilee year of Independence. ? Goyal said.
India are still keen on going back to the original share and politicking is going on. In a major development the International Cricket Council ( ICC) has offered the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI) an additional USD 100 million to resolve the stand off brewing on the financial redistribution model. ( Rahul Johri, Amitabh Choudhary to represent BCCI at ICC meet on April 24)
Releasing 1st Sept 2017. @ psbhumi@ aanandlrai@ rs_ prasanna@ cypplOfficial@ ErosNow ? If you are a fan of Dum Laga Ke Haisha, you cannot wait enough to see the two of them together on screen once again. ? pic.
Former South Africa bowler Lonwabo Tsotsobe has been charged with match fixing and has been suspended immediately after a lengthy investigation, Cricket South Africa said on Monday.
I do not think that we have heard the last word on US policy talk about this because there is a push back internationally that the world has benefited from an open trading system, " the RBI governor said. The move is aimed at companies like Infosys and TCS that often hire Indian programmers and coders in the US instead of hiring locals, who may demand higher wages for the similar job. Nasscom, an industry body of IT companies in India, however, denies the allegations. " 8 per cent of the total approved H- 1B visas, " noted a Nasscom spokesperson.
Normal life has been affected in Tamil Nadu due to the shutdown strike called by the Opposition parties led by the DMK, which along with the Congress, CPM, CPI, VCK, IUML, had called for the shutdown on April 16. A host of trade unions affiliated to the Opposition parties, farmers bodies, the film fraternity and other organisations including a lorry operators association, have pledged support to the general strike. They have also passed resolutions urging the Centre to constitute the Cauvery Management Board, the Cauvery Regulatory Authority, declare the Cauvery delta region as Special Agriculture Zone, scrapping of the hydro- carbon project and others.
? Chandni Chowk MLA Alka Lamba has alleged that BJP leaders are calling Aam Aadmi Party legislators and luring them to switch sides by offering ticket in the Lok Sabha elections or coveted government posts. But would like to make it clear to the BJP that its dirty tactics would not bear fruits as our legislators are out to put in place an alternative polity in the country, ? You should also think, ? Kumar said. s frustration.
It' s a huge respect that we have got, Nitesh Tewari - the director of Dangal and me" , said Aamir at the ceremony, in Mumbai. " I want to thank Lata Didi, the Dinanath trust, and their entire family, for bestowing us and our film with this honour. Apart from Aamir, Kapil Dev was honoured for his outstanding contribution to Indian cricket and yesteryear actress Vyjayanthimala Bali, was conferred with the Master Deenanath Vishesh Puraskar for her achievements in Indian cinema. ( Photos: Yogen Shah)
The Mamata Banerjee government wants to drop the ' Pradhan Mantri' from the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana ( PMGSY) and instead wants to call it ' Banglar Gramin Sadak Yojana' . The Didi vs Modi battle has gone a notch higher with the Mamata Banerjee government changing the names of the Central government schemes in West Bengal. The state government too is providing money for the schemes and therefore the schemes cannot only have the stamp of the Central government, " she said. Hitting out at the Mamata government for renaming schemes, BJP leader Chandra Kumar Bose compared the West Bengal chief minister to Babur who " demolished a temple in Ayodhya and built Babri Masjid" . He called the trend " unethical" .
There were 99 personnel out on the operation. A CRPF company has a strength of about 100 personnel. CRPF New Delhi, Apr 24 ( PTI) A considerable number of Maoists are believed to have been killed in retaliatory action by CRPF men after an attack on them in Chhattisgarhs Sukma district, the force today claimed though no body has been recovered yet. It said the ensuing gun battle was " fierce" .
Earlier it was Sarabjeet, now it is Jadhav. " Pakistan, China, Iran and North Korea have deployed hackers by granting them immunity from consequences. India' s digital warriors have crippled 30 Pakistan government websites in virtual surgical strikes as protest against the neighbouring country' s announcement of the death penalty to former Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav. We have their entire computer network under our control. The message reads that the " Indian spy" , in custody of Pakistani authorities, " lives for India" and all the cases filed against him are completely fake. ' Experts say the intelligence- gathering process has intensified as hackers are not only defacing the sites but are silently spying into critical networks.
The attack left 25 CRPF personnel dead and six injured. Also read: Sukma attack: 25 CRPF jawans killed, worst Naxal attack in years
Bhagat? good literature? Five Point Someone is part of the Popular Fiction paper in the General Elective, which is offered to second- year undergraduate students pursuing honours and programme courses under the Choice- Based Credit System ( CBCS) . s book will be taught along with fiction novels by American novelist and poet Louisa M Alcott, English crime novelist Agatha Christie and British novelist JK Rowling. While some raised objection with the way the syllabus has been modified, others said it makes sense to include novels which students might have read. ? t happen anymore.
Sporadic clashes continued as security forces tried to restore traffic on the highway. These educational institutions had remained closed for over a week following widespread protests by students after security forces entered a college in south Kashmir' s Pulwama town on April 12. Also Read:
Renowned filmmaker and actor Kasinathuni Viswanath is going to be conferred the Dadasaheb Phalke Award for the year 2016. His contributions have received recognition in the form of the Padmashri Award in 1992 by the Government of India for his contribution to filmmaking. K Viswanath was born in February 1930 at Gudivadain Andhra Pradesh. A presenter of classical and traditional art, music and dance, K Viswanath has been a guiding force in the Indian film industry. At the same time, they lend themselves to a nuanced and layered interpretation leading many to watch them again and again and come back and discover a new hitherto unseen aspect or a have deeper understanding and realization.
The singer added that getting a known Bollywood face has become a trend followed by event managers and producers of the Indian entertainment industry. " And then she will get concert offers from Canada, and then probably Sonakshi will laugh them off saying ' I am not a singer but an actor' , " Kailash said, over phone from Mumbai about Sonakshi, who made her debut as a singer in 2015 with single Ishqholic, and also judged singing reality show, Indian Idol Junior. The 43- year- old said, " It is our choice. " If we keep on seeing shows by actors, it will be so sad because live musicians will not be able to survive, " added the singer, who performed at the Phoenix Marketcity, Kurla in Mumbai, in March. . He carved a niche for himself with his rustic voice with hits like, Ya Rabba, Chak De Phatte and Tere Naal Ishqa.
The price war in the Rs 1. It attributed the difficulties faced by the sector to the price war for data subscribers, but added market leadership is crucial to the business and if anything, competition will only heat up this year. Since its launch last September offering free services for almost six months, Jio is estimated to have cornered 55 per cent of total data consumption, while the overall data traffic has grown five times in the last one year, it said. "
The universitys Equality and Diversity Unit explains in the newsletter that " some people who do these things may be entirely well- meaning, and would be mortified to realise that they had caused offence. " However, some critics slammed the newsletter, saying it would make the students over sensitive. Dr Joanna Williams, a lecturer in higher education at the University of Kent, said the guidance was " completely ridiculous" and will make students " hyper- sensitive" about how they interact with one another. " Essentially people are being accused of a thought crime.
At a time when virtually all gadget shopping is done online, this story will make you think twice before adding an expensive product to your online shopping cart. Also Read: iPhone 6 for Rs 25, 660, iPhone 5S for Rs 17, 499 as Flipkart kicks off Apple Days saleNithila Devi and her friend Ramya spent Rs 12, 000 to buy a brand new Lenovo Z Plus phone on the site. a brick. " After waiting for 3 days, they found that their order has arrived, although they asked the delivery guy to bring it next day because they were not available.
They tortured me, " Sumaina said her mother- in- law practiced black magic and tried to harm her. Amma jaan performed black magic. Amid growing dialogue in support and against of triple talaq, comes another case of a Hyderabad woman divorced over WhatsApp by husband residing in Dubai. .
and that it was seeking offers for the business. The company floated on the stock market in 2014 at a price of 140p a share, valuing it at about £ 550m. The luxury shoe and bag retailer Jimmy Choo has put itself up for sale in a move that took the market by surprise. Men? A Euromonitor analyst said: ? s luxury footwear, though, and that disparity is unlikely to narrow significantly over the next decade. ?
Two policemen were injured when militants attacked the ancestral residence of PDP leader and minister for Hajj and Auqaf Farooq Abdrabi in Kashmir' s Anantnag district last month. . However, an atmosphere needs to be created for a dialogue, " she added. WATCH: Jammu- Kashmir: Plastic bullets to replace pellet guns for stone peltersALSO READ:
Odisha' s Agriculture Minister Pradeep Maharathy has again landed in a controversy stating that state farmers commit suicides only when the Assembly is in session. The opposition BJP had slammed the statement and demanded his dismissal for " misleading" the Assembly with his statement on the death of a farmer in Bargarh district. Later, the deceased farmer Hadu Bagarti' s wife Kalabati had rejected the minister' s statement and claimed she did not have any quarrel with her husband.
New Delhi, Apr 22 ( PTI) Top industrialist Ratan Tata today praised the judicial process for its " professionalism and fairness" , days after the NCLT rejected Cyrus Mistrys plea against Tata Sons. Against this backdrop, Ratan Tata has expressed his " appreciation to all those involved in the NCLT, and particularly the high integrity of the judicial process" . He also said that fairness and justice, if upheld, will make the nation " great" .
The smaller East MCD, which has 64 wards, is expected to give the BJP 45- 51 seats while the Congress 4- 8 and the AAP 6- 10. ' 1 in 2017. The voting percentage reflected in the polls give 43 per cent share to the saffron outfit while the AAP and Congress are almost equally placed at 24 and 23 per cent in the MCDs. Attributing the positive survey results to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Tiwari said, " PM Modi has won hearts of people from sections of society. These ( polls) violate moral code of conduct. 58 per cent overall turnout
Jammu, Apr 23 ( PTI) The BJP today said there were no differences between coalition partners in Jammu and Kashmir and the state government was " working well" . " Everyone is performing his or her task. " . The chief minister is engaged in daily work.
Sofi had on April 20 reported to the chief warden of his hostel that someone had written objectionable comments on the door of his hostel room. A Kashmiri project fellow at BITS Pilani in Rajasthan has left the institute after allegedly facing harassment. The institute' s release further added, " Meanwhile today on 23 April we have learnt that Mr. Sofi is not available in his allotted quarters and has left without informing his Project Investigator and other authorities of the institute. He is also not available on phone. " Watch the video here
The erstwhile unified Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) was trifurcated in 2012 into North, South and East Municipal Corporations. It has fielded 271 candidates. GOING STRONG DESPITE LOSSESThe AAP, which suffered a humiliating defeat in the recent bypolls and still smarting under its poor performance in Punjab and Goa polls, has refused to acknowledge the results as a " trailer of MCD polls" . 3 crore people are eligible to vote in the polls and of them more than 1. There are 1, 004 candidates vying for seats in the NDMC area, 985 in SDMC' s and 548 in EDMC' s. The BSP and the JD( U) have fielded 211 and 95 candidates while the SP has entered the fray with 28. ( Inputs from PTI) ALSO READ | MCD election: Yogendra Yadav calls Arvind Kejriwal betrayer of Delhi, seeks resignation after civic polls
TV actor Parth Samthaan was on Sunday booked under Section 8 and 12 of POSCO Act in Bangur Nagar on molestation complaint filed by a model last month. The victim said she was 16 when she was molested by the actor. Samthaan has moved an anticipatory bail application in Dindoshi court, which is likely to be heard tomorrow.
But, as the news spread activists of Bajrang Dal and VHP reached the Fatehpur Sikri police station, where they, according to local reports, had a heated exchange with the Circle Officer Ravikant Parashar. As the mob kept gathering at the Sadar Bazar police station, the police resorted to another round of lathicharge, which fueled the protest even further. The detained persons were said to be Bajrang Dal activists, who were taken into custody following a clashes with police earlier in the day at Fatehpur Sikri police station. We have arrested 14 persons in connection with the violence yesterday, " said DIG Mahesh Mishra. The police did not agree to their demands leading to further clashes. The protesters turned violent at Sadar Bazar police station and pelted stones at the policemen.
Each of these 300 Whatsapp groups had around 250 members, the official said while explaining how determined attempts were being made to disrupt the operations of the security forces by mobilising stone- pelting mobs at the encounter sites. " This was in sharp contrast to an encounter in Durbugh village in the same area on March 28, when a large number of stone- pelters had assembled and three of them were killed in firing by security forces. " Most of them get carried away momentarily, " he said, adding authorities are also looking at further sensitising the personnel on the need to adopt a humane approach while dealing with the youth. " Bhat said most of the people had done away with landlines and broadband internet services as mobile internet facility gave them more freedom and were also cheaper. Today, the business depends on internet for communication.
For 45 years. Modi. Initially Modi had a hard time communicating his mission to the people. " Villagers used to ask me if I was that good, why was I operating for tree? 79 lakh eye operations so far. Modi recalled.
The report was submitted in 2011. The panel had suggested that bilingual forms should be made available by all passport offices and forms filled in Hindi should also be accepted. The panel on the official language had also recommended that information regarding passport and visa should be made available in Hindi on the official website of the ministry. " This recommendation is accepted, " the order said.
The officer was allegedly assaulted and robbed by a group of men after his motorcycle brushed past their car in southeast Delhi' s Sangam Vihar area, police said today. Two persons came out of the car and started beating him and his colleague, he told police. He even requested the general public to come forward and help with any details possible. One man even tweeted the clip to the accounts run by the offices of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh. PTI Inputs
Baahubali has strong arms and unbending courage; he is detached from luxury and is beyond political power. Yes. When you look at the characters of Amarendra Baahubali and his son Mahendra Baahubali or Shiva, the biggest differentiator was their backgrounds. It cannot get better than Baahubali as a film; that was something magical and once in a lifetime. With the release of Baahubali 2: The Conclusion a week away, Prabhas, 37, talks about the making of the Baahubali phenomenon, what his superhero status means to him and life after Baahubali exclusively to India Today. I just went into this project with the attitude that I would do my best; even if part one did not work, I would still do part two with the same dedication. Well, I feel lucky for that. What do you have to say? Superman, Spider- Man, Batman, the usual.
More than 1, 500 passengers and crew died when the ship sank in April 1912, on its maiden voyage. Bennett died aged 96 in 1974 and was the longest living female member of the crew. The fur coat and letter of provenance went under the hammer yesterday at an auction at Henry Aldridge and Son in Devizes, Wiltshire. " .
All eyes are on the national capital today as Delhi votes for its civic bodies in the MCD election 2017. HERE ARE THE LATEST UPDATES: Union Minister Dr. Harshvardhan after casting his vote in a polling booth in Krishna Nagar' s Ratan Devi School # MCDelections2017pic. com/ KpMhseOkeVDelhi Lt. twitter. com/ 9QyWVTmyHpVoting underway in Delhi' s Pandav Nagar for # MCDelections2017pic.
BJP president Amit Shah will also speak to the leaders, who include five deputy chief ministers, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Minister of Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Minister for Urban Development M Venkaiah Naidu apart from the 13 CMs. The meeting is called by the Niti Ayog wherein Modi is likely to ask them to focus on the agenda of good governance and development. A similar exercise was held in last August. Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has already reached Delhi to take part in the meeting.
WHAT HAPPENEDAt around 11. Union minister Maneka Gandhi chairs the animal rights group. R Baaniya, the DCP of South East Delhi, said that the three men were transporting the buffaloes for legal slaughter and that they ended up in a scuffle with members of the the People for Animals, an animal rights group that has denied involvement in the incident. " Not Gau Raksha dal, they ( the attackers) were members of an NGO called PFA which has been working for many years in Delhi, " Baaniya told news agency ANI. We have 10, 000 volunteers across the country.
London, Apr 21 ( PTI) Lily - a member of the worlds largest rodent species - has given birth to a pup at a zoo in the UK. They dwell in small herds on grasslands, in tropical forests and on wetlands across much of South America where they spend much of their time in water. 5 metres in length.
A good samaritan from Bengal has won many hearts by returning a abandoned bag full of blank cheques worth Rs 20 lakh from a local train! I was getting off the train when I saw the bag inside the bunk on top. Knowing that the documents were crucial, and someone must have lost it, he picked the bag up and went home thinking what to do with it.
3. s highlights: 7. There has been a delay on the part of concerned official in sending poll percentage data to a control room which has been set up at the SEC headquarters. @ htTweets @ htdelhi pic. ? 48% . She rues that while leaders come to seek votes, they forget about it once elections are over. 20pm: 95- year old Digambar Sen Sawhney braves the heatwave to exercise his franchise. # MCDpolls @ htTweets @ htdelhi pic. 25pm: Former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit says MCD polls are not a referendum on two year? This time too, polling station at posh Vasant Vihar has stayed empty with officials saying that only voters from illegal colonies and slums have cast their votes so far. Polling booth at # Deoli mostly empty, voters have still not turned up for # MCDelections2017 @ htTweets @ htdelhi pic. ( HT Photo)  						6. The day began with L- G Anil Baijal turning up early 8am to cast his vote at Masjid Moth polling centre. North, East, South. Shradha Chettri ( @ Shrads_ chettri) April 23, 20179. said Vardhan. 05am: North Delhi? # MCDelections2017 pic. says Arya9. Arvind Kejriwal?
He even slammed the recent parliamentary committee proposal to make it mandatory for MPS and Central ministers who know Hindi to use it as their official language, both in speeches and writings. Stalin said that right from the day of assuming power, the BJP- led central government has been making efforts to destroy and decimate the unity of the nation. The DMK leader expressed his displeasure over central government schemes named only in Hindi or Sanskrit. Also read:
The land is disputed and it was claimed after destroying a Ram temple that existed there, thus Allah never accepted the structure and even namaz was never conducted at the place. Today, Muslims have realized that it was an illegal structure, " he explained. Questioning the legitimacy of the Babri Masjid, Kumar said that the 15th century structure was named after an individual ( Babur) and so it could never be used by Muslims as they only worshiped one God. " Also read: Babri Masjid demolition: Supreme Court restores conspiracy charges against LK Advani, MM Joshi, Uma Bharti
# IncredibleIndiapic. @ SuPriyoBabul Inaugurated? ? Soon after Babul Supriyo tweeted the 3D CAD projection of how the Rajkot bus stand will look like, but describing it saying, " This is not an airport, it is not in London or New York, it is the new bus stand inaugurated in Rajkot, Gujarat, " Twitter users called him out on it and corrected him. ð? . Don' t u worry. !
Samia Abdul Hafeez, a resident of the city' s Saidabad area, started an online campaign in January, claiming she was suffering from brain and breast cancer and needed money for treatment. She had a Facebook page called ' Go Fund Samia. ' The money went to her account in State Bank of Hyderabad' s Gunfoundry branch.
Kejriwal told PTI in an interview on Friday. Tell me what is our fault? " Noting that his government tries to coordinate on various issues related to the development of the national capital, both with the Lt Governor as well as the Centre, Kejriwal said that " the firing" has intensified just before the MCD polls. " We are trying to cooperate with everybody ( the Centre and the LG) so that there is development of Delhi, but the Lt Governor fires one bullet at me ( every day) , " Kejriwal said.
And if you vote BJP, then in the coming 5 years, there will be so much garbage in Delhi that people will have dengue and chikungunya. " Two days before the Delhi MCD elections, Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal lashed out against BJP and Congress and appealed to the people not vote for them. While talking about Congress, Kejriwal said, " Congress has lost its hold over the country and is finished in Delhi. They won five wards last year. Among them, over 1.
( Shikhar Dhawan- Rohit Sharma ideal opening pair for India in Champions Trophy: VVS Laxman to India Today) Clarke also said that the Indian Premier League is a good opportunity for the players to prepare for the Champions Trophy, which begins on June 1. " I feel India have the firepower to defend the Champions Trophy title. Even if it swings there, I think India have got quality fast bowlers whom they can utilise, " Clarke told India Today. Clarke said opener KL Rahul' s absence will be a big loss but added that India have the players to replace him.
When Sushant was clicked taking Kriti for a spin in his new swanky car, rumour mills went into an overdrive. Sushant laughed, " I read about this thing between us, then there were stories about a fight and a break- up and then suddenly, probably because of the Maserati we were back together. " He added, " They are all very interesting but untrue. Period. "
A day ahead of the MCD election 2017, Swaraj India leader Yogendra Yadav has accused Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal of betraying the trust of the people of the city. Yogendra Yadav also sought Arvind Kejriwal' s resignation " if the AAP fails to win 136 ( 50 per cent) seats" in the MCD elections. Writing a letter to his former India Against Corruption colleague, Yogendra Yadav said, " You have broken the trust of the people of Delhi, " before adding, " Following your betrayal, the public has lost faith in its own capability to distinguish good from bad. "
According to police, about 300 unidentified people were involved in the clashes. Two FIRs have been registered against BJP MP Raghav Lakhanpal Sharma and several others in connection with two cases of violence in Saharanpur' s Janakpuri. The second FIR was lodged in connection with the protest outside the SSP' s house in which a CCTV camera was damaged and his " nameplate removed" , Kumar said. The situation in the area is under control and heavy police force deployment has been made in the sensitive areas to prevent occurrence of any untoward incident. Lakhanpal also demanded suspension of the SSP.
From Shah Rukh Khan to Deepika Padukone, Vidya Balan to Shahid Kapoor, Sidharth Malhotra to Sonam Kapoor, Abhay spared no one. . Abhay Deol shocked everyone when he took on the who is who of Bollywood and slammed them for promoting racism through their fairness cream endorsements. Talking to Outlook, Abhay said, " This may be my first such post on Facebook, but I have tweeted about the issue in the past. Why would they?
. A day after Union Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad' s " sanctity for Muslims" comment created a stir, AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi reacted saying it is a minister' s duty to ensure justice and equality.  " Yes we did not vote for you and will continue to do so. Have we victimised any Muslim gentleman working in the industry or service?
We have registered an FIR. Recounting the incident, one of the victims of the attack told NDTV, " They beat us ruthlessly. NDTV and Islah both said that those attacked belong to the same nomad family and that the attackers took away the family' s entire flock of goats, sheep and cows. " The Jammu and Kashmir incident comes against the backdrop of heightened cow vigilantism in the country. They wanted to kill us and throw our bodies into the river. "
A day after she was expelled, former Congress leader Barkha Shukla Singh joined the Bharatiya Janata Party on Saturday. Singh, a former Chief of the Delhi Commission for Women met BJP' s national Vice President and Delhi in- charge Shyam Jaju on Saturday afternoon, an office bearer of Delhi BJP said. While resigning as chief of DPCC' s women wing, Barkha Singh had said: " Rahul Gandhi is unfit to lead the party. "
Pune police has arrested five persons in case of assaulting an Enforcement Directorate ( ED) officer while investigating the bank loan fraud case against Surat- based fleet operator Siddhi Vinayak Logistics Ltd ( SVLL) . Out of these five accused, four of them have been remanded to police custody till May 13. 29 crore bank loan fraud case.
Besides, seven IAS officers were also transferred. This is the first major reshuffle in top bureaucratic order by the Yogi government which has just completed one month in office. IG Sanjay Singhal has been made IG, PAC Central zone. ADG ( Security) Bhavesh Kumar Singh has been made ADG ( Intelligence) , ADG Police Training School Sitapur Vijay Kumar has been made ADG ( Security) while Alok Singh, who was on wait list has been made IG PAC ( Eastern zone) .
Thank you so much twitter for the amazing response to my article and also to the # trolls who proved my point by the way they responded ð? . ? ³ She also retweeted a Twitter user' s tweet which said that the longer version of Jana Gana Mana actually had the line, " Hindu Bauddh Shikha Jain, Parasik Musolman Christaani. " twitter. # NationalAnthempic.
I acknowledge very clearly, but have we given them proper sanctity or not? " We salute diversity and culture of India. We have a problem with some of our friends. There has been campaign against us for a very long time, but today we are here because of blessings of people of India, " Prasad said. The minister cited the example of Prime Minister Narendra Modi short- listing a Muslim tea garden labourer in Jalpaiguri, Karimul Haque, for his exemplary work. You are seeing his instances of good governance and inclusive development, " Prasad said.
New Delhi, Apr 21 ( PTI) Former chief minister Sheila Dikshit today said the MCD polls are a litmus test for the Congresss Delhi unit chief Ajay Maken and hit out at Arvinder Singh Lovely, who quit the party to join the BJP, terming him an " opportunist" . She said that if Congress manages to win a " good number" of seats in the municipal corporation elections, then Maken will prove his detractors in Delhi Congress wrong. " If Congress wins a good number of seats then what we are thinking would be proved wrong, " she said when asked about questions on Makens style of functioning.
The decision was taken at a high- level security review meeting chaired by Amarinder and attended by Punjab Director General of Police ( DGP) Suresh Arora and Additional Director General of Police ( Intelligence) Dinkar Gupta, besides Chief Principal Secretary Suresh Kumar. Amarinder has made it clear that he does not want security beyond the " bare necessity" . With the existing security policy being three- year- old, he directed the police to call for fresh reports from the state and central agencies to map the threat perceptions of individuals who have been provided security and then decide on the quantum of security. Chief Minister Amarinder Singh also directed the police to review the arms and ammunition licences to check unbridled proliferation of arms in the hands of criminals.
7 per cent. 7 per cent of the accused, of which only 34. In the last five years, as many as 715 cases of dowry deaths have been reported in the national Capital and the crime rate have been increasing with every passing year. According to Delhi Police, till March 15 this year, 31 women died due to dowry harassment. Items such as jewellery, clothes, cars and money are traditionally given by the bride' s family to the groom and his parents under the outlawed custom to ensure that she is taken care of in her new home.
Andhra Pradesh' s tech savvy chief minister Chandrababu Naidu is always known for his unique approach towards governance. The main aim of this initiative is to establish a grievance redressal- oriented forum to enable all the citizens to get transparent and approachable services, directly by stating their Aadhaar numbers. Citizen contact will occur through various means like IVRS, SMS, voice response, web chat, social media and multiple web platforms of Andhra Pradesh government.
HERE' S ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW: 1. The Indian Navy today moved towards acquiring a pin- point ability to attack targets on land with its first test of the land- attack variant of the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile. 3. 4. ALSO READ:
Â A Supreme Court bench headed by Justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose and comprising Justice Rohinton Fali Nariman agreed to hear the appeal in July. MUST READ: Made in Mumbai - How IC 814 hijacking was plottedHERE' S ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW: ( With PTI inputs)
Well, you will probably freak out and pass out on the spot. She had noticed a hole in her gym' s ceiling but thought it was a possum, and ignored it. Also read: Watch: Deadly python swallows man, police cuts open snake' s stomach to retrieve his bodyAccording to a report by The Morning Bulletin , the cleaner of the gym informed Vaughan about the snake' s presence after 48 hours. Also watch: Roasted Bats, Skewered Rats and Sliced Snakes - Tomohon Food Market Has It All
Comiflam is manufactured by Sanofi India while D Cold Total is made by Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare India. Cadilose is usually prescribed for constipation. The Indian Express reported that the CDSCO conducted tests last month and, in addition to the two drugs mentioned above, found Cipla' s Oflox- 100 DT tablets and Theo Asthalin tablets, and Cadila' s Cadilose solution to be substandard. Also Read:
Seven people are dead after a live electrical wire fell onto a gathering of people watching football in southern Nigeria, police said Friday, but residents said the death toll was higher. Manchester United on Friday said in a tweet that the team' s thoughts go out to those affected by the tragedy. pic.
Comedians to Bollywood stars have urged them to reconcile and bury the hatchet. Sunil Grover' s exit from The Kapil Sharma Show has now become an old news. Sunil seems to have moved on from there and is now concentrating on his live shows.
We all know that Karisma Kapoor' s ex- husband Sunjay Kapur recently married longtime girlfriend Priya Sachdev. She is a happy mother and if she wants, she can get married any time but there is no step in that direction right now. But I do not think she wants to get married. Rumours were doing the rounds that Karisma is also ready to walk down the aisle with her boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal.
com. The son of famed late Dusty Rhodes ( Virgil Runnels) and younger brother of Goldust ( Dustin Runnels) , Cody said the WWE bars him from using his own surname for activites outside the company as they own intellectual property rights to the pro- wrestling character of Cody Rhodes.
? he said. I don? The BJP is seeking votes only, and only, in the name of Modiji. Our calculation is that you can actually run MCD profitably without charging house tax. ( Saumya Khandelwal/ Hindustan Times)  						Manish Sisodia told us in February that after the appointment of Anil Baijal, there was a thaw in your government? advisory? Under the rules, the L- G has no role in the MCD. The allegation is that by talking about EVMs, you are preparing a ground that if AAP loses the election then the blame could be pinned on voting machines. No. What comes to mind when I say ? This is neither good for the country, or the people. s not the case. If EVMs are not tamper- proof, no one can save the country. ve liked. If EVMs are tampered, then it is not affecting the health of Kejriwal, it is affecting the health of the nation. We have been able to bring 309 colonies on the water network in one year.
From Lalit K Jha Washington, Apr 20 ( PTI) Describing the ongoing Goods and Services Tax ( GST) reform as an " act of courage" , IMF chief Christine Lagarde today said she expects " some positive outcome" as a result of the decision. " One of them - ? So, I am personally impressed by the work that is being done in that regard and expect some positive outcome, " Lagarde said in response to a question, adding that she is impressed by the other reforms being carried out by the Indian Government. " We are seeing significant development and clear determination to continue and sustain growth going forward, " she said.
How can you make Aadhaar mandatory despite a clear order to make it optional. The Supreme Court today came down hard on the government over the issue of making Aadhaar compulsory in complete violation of the apex court' s previous order. " The Centre' s argument has been that the earlier order merely applies for beneficiary schemes like LPG and food grains and the government is free to use it for other services like income tax. WHAT SUPREME COURT RULING SAYSThe Supreme Court had on March 27 made it clear that Aadhaar cards cannot be made mandatory by the government for extending benefits of social welfare schemes.
Director: Ashtar Sayed Cast: Raveena Tandon, Madhur Mittal, Divya Jagdale, Anurag Arora, Rushad RanaRating: ( 1. Raveena Tandon plays Vidya, a teacher, who witnesses her bright daughter' s brutal rape and subsequent demise. Tandon does well as the more amateurish Liam Neeson but one wishes for more context to her character instead of just a well- coiffed, vengeful, death magnet of a mother. Here too one of the perpetrators is a man with influence, in this case it is the bratty son ( Madhur Mittal of Slumdog Millionaire) of the Chief Minister. While some are well- executed, most are a bit sudden and haphazard.
The rules stipulate maintaining of accounts of stock for each commodity received and supplied with clear details of " the opening balance, receipt, supply, goods lost, stolen, destroyed, written off or disposed of by way of gift or free samples and balance of stock including raw materials, finished goods, scrap and wastage thereof" . A true and correct account of the goods or services" with relevant documents, including invoices, bills of supply, delivery challans, credit notes, debit notes, receipt, payment and refund vouchers and e- way bills will have to be maintained under the new GST regime that is scheduled to kick in from July 1. Also, each volume of books of account will have to be maintained with serial numbers and any entry in registers, accounts and documents will not be erased, effaced or overwritten, say draft rules for maintaining record under the GST. Manufacturers have to maintain monthly production accounts, showing the quantitative details of raw materials or services used in the manufacture and quantitative details of the goods so manufactured, including the waste and by- products thereof.
WHAT HAPPENEDAfter seven years of protracted legal battle, the state consumer forum upheld the compensation of Rs 30, 000 awarded to his family that was awarded by the district consumer court. Speaking to Mail Today, Dev Kant' s son Harisharan Bagga, who is also an advocate, said the crowd did not let him use the washroom for around 90 minutes. " The complainant told the court that a big crowd entered into the reserved compartments at Ludhiana Railway station by force and occupied all the vacant seats. The passage was jam packed and the crowd was uncooperative.
May be his ( Lalu' s) statement has truth in it. I do not know, " Katiyar, who is a member of Rajya Sabha, said. Katiyar' s statement is certain to raise a few eyebrows in the BJP leadership, which has reportedly assured Advani that the party is with him after the Supreme Court ruling that he along with Murli Manohar Joshi and Union Minister Uma Bharti will have to face criminal conspiracy charge in Babri Masjid demolition case. WATCH: Blow by blow account on what led to Babri Masjid demolitionALSO READ:
After the Uri attacks, MNS had threatened Pakistani artists and even went on to stop the release of Karan Johar' s Ae Dil Hai Mushkil that starred Pakistani artist Fawad Khan. Hence, we had to protest, " said Rita Gupta , MNS' s general Secretary, adding " We have information about a few more stores in Mumbai who sell Pakistani goods. Some parties are trying to use the sentiments to revive their fortunes. No one has the right to take law into their hands, " Shaina said. " Also read: Hope for Kulbhushan Jadhav: India to ask for defence lawyer in Pakistan
Trying to build up pressure on Pakistan in the Kulbhushan Jadhav case, India has sought consular access to the former Naval officer, whose whereabouts are not known, for the 15th consecutive time. Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Gopal Baglay said Pakistan is yet to heed to India' s request for consular access to Jadhav who has been given death penalty by a Pakistani military court on charges of spying.
Uttar Pradesh' s electricity department officials did a surprise check at former chief minister Mulayam Singh' s residence in Etawah and found anomalies. The power connection was just of 5 kW but they were consuming 40 kW. His party had lost the recent Uttar Pradesh elections under the leadership of his son Akhilesh Yadav, who was elected SP' s national president in place of his father by the party' s national convention on 1 January this year.
The truth is we have caused no damage to the Yamuna. The report criticised Art of Living' s World Culture Festival, held in March last year, for damaging the Yamuna riverbank and went to quantify the damage caused. 13. UNSCIENTIFIC AND BIASED' Responding to the report, Art of Living said, " This report is completely flawed, unscientific and biased" . " 29 crore and take around 10 years to mitigate the damage caused to the Yamuna floodplains by AOL' s event last year.
36m. Our sincere condolences to the entire sporting fraternity. The 34- year- old was riding at the front of a convoy with a number of athletes, including Usain Bolt and the 2005 world championship 100m silver medallist Michael Frater, as well as the former Bolton defender Ricardo Gardner, when he lost control of his bike on the Palisadoes main road in Kingston. This is just awful. Such sad news. ?
The decision should be taken in larger public health interest, he stressed. The Commission has now sought cooperation of the Commissioners of all three civic bodies - South, North and East municipal corporation - - to create tobacco free poll booths for the MCD polls and display multi- colour banners at each location indicating the same. " It is an excellent opportunity to sensitise nearly 1. Also, 20 per cent cases of diabetes, hypertension, heart attack and brain stroke are also linked to tobacco consumption, he added.
CChowk_ line { width: auto; border- bottom: dotted 1px # 000; margin- bottom: 2px; margin- top: 2px; clear: both} . There is a need to evolve environment friendly transport system operating on electricity/ battery. Read: After 50 years, trams likely to make a comeback in Chandni ChowkIn 2015, the DMRC was assigned the job to prepare the detailed project report ( DPR) for bringing back trams in Chandni Chowk and its vicinity. Union science and technology minister Dr Harsh Vardhan said the money is not an issue and he will arrange funds from the Central government for the project. ? 6 km elevated track. he said.
And despite the small break, there is no dearth of films offers for Bebo. And now that is left for her to sign on the dotted lines. Kareena was to begin shooting for Veere Di Wedding during her pregnancy, but the makers later thought otherwise. And if a report in Mumbai Mirror is to believed, Kareena has been offered a bomb for another film.
Praise & glory be to Allah alone. Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif will have to appear before a Joint Investigation Team ( JIT) which will probe his family' s involvement in corruption as claimed in the Panama Papers leak, the country' s Supreme Court today. ? pic.
. Hours after the Bollywood singer ' accepted' the challenge from the Muslim cleric to shave his head, Quaderi said Sonu Nigam probably wanted to get rid of lice. " If he wants to stay in India, he will have to follow the norms of the land. I salute PM Modi. Excuse me, azaan was on.
CBSE norms mandate that schools are run as community service and not as a business and that commercialisation does not take place in the school in any shape whatsoever. The board has taken a serious view of the complaints and the schools are directed to desist from the unhealthy practice of coercing parents to buy text books, note books, stationary, uniforms, shoes, school bags etc from within the premise or from selected vendors only, " the communication sent to schools read. " Union HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar recently said that NCERT textbooks have been supplied to 2, 000 private schools.
Being an accused in Ayodhya movement is not a taint. Union Minster Uma Bharti has said that she is happy to be an accused in the Babri demolition case. ALSO READ |
? Air India said in a letter. AI also asked the Delhi Police commissioner to take the two complaints made by the airline to a logical conclusion. Gaikwad was taken off a no- fly list by Air India and five other airlines earlier this month following an intervention from the civil aviation ministry, which had said legal proceedings against the Osmanabad MP would continue.
The Nitish Kumar government had moved the Supreme Court asking for the removal of the bail, which was granted in case Rai is not convicted by a lower court within a month. In 2015, Bachcha Rai' s daughter Shalini was the Bihar state topper in science stream. The video featuring Ruby has her describing political science as " prodigal science" and saying the subject that she topped was about cooking. ALSO READ:
3 per cent of the total population by 2020. 20 crore ( as per National Blindness survey 2007 data) to 80 lakh. " India has changed its over four- decade- old definition of blindness, bringing it in line with the WHO criteria, a step that would drastically bring down the number of people considered " blind" in the country. The aim of revising the definition is also to be able to generate data which can be compared with global estimates and achieve the WHO goal of reducing the blindness prevalence of India to 0. Whereas, by adopting the blindness criteria of WHO, India now can achieve the goal, " said Professor Praveen Vashist, in- charge Community Ophthalmology at Dr R P Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences, AIIMS.
The trooper was facing the inquiry on various charges under provision of BSF Act and rules, including indiscipline. Also read | BSF constable Tej Bahadur Yadav is hale and hearty, clarifies BSF after photos of dead lookalike go viralAlso read | New video of Tej Bahadur surfaces, soldier makes fresh charges against BSF Yadav also expressed apprehension that his seniors may take action against him for exposing the condition of soldiers on the border. WHAT DID TEJ BAHADUR ALLEGE?
20 weeks? on Wednesday. ? However, Williams? We have not been informed, nor do we have confirmation, ? The announcement comes one week after Victoria Azarenka, the former world No1 and two- time grand slam champion, announced she will return to the tour after 14- month layoff that included the birth of her son, Leo, in December. s Porsche Grand Prix drop off. s rankings.
1 contender to the WWE Championship pitting them against each other - - Sami Zayn vs Luke Harper vs Erick Rowan vs Jinder Mahal vs Dolph Ziggler vs Mojo Rawley. # SDLivepic. com/ ygHaDfxkM0Orton will defend his title against Bray Wyatt in a " House of Horrors" before he takes on Jinder for the title at SmackDown- branded Backlash next month. twitter.
s order came after State Election Commission counsel Sumeet Pushkarna opposed the plea on the ground that the MCD elections are slated for April 23 and changing all EVMs with VVPAT is not feasible in four days. . ? There are three judgements that elections at this stage cannot be stalled, ? he added. safest?
s Sector 11 on Wednesday. The fire station is located just two kilometers away from the site of the incident in Sector 2. ? Employees trapped inside the building said they kept calling 100 to inform Noida police about the incident but their call was diverted to neighbouring Delhi and Ghaziabad. he said. ? said Aman Sharma, a fire department official.
As the nation is gearing up for the release of SS Rajamouli' s magnum opus Baahubali: The Conclusion, the film has landed in a soup. The pro- Kannada groups had demanded that Sathyaraj, who plays the role of Katappa in Baahubali 2, apologise to Kannadigas before the release of the film. Speaking about the issue, SS Rajamouli, in an exclusive interview with India Today, had said, " It is a sad thing and we were shocked to see that on social media. "
s trademark jacket and kurta. ( Saumya Khandelwal/ HT FILE)  						With he mercury going up in the Capital, the protests have also become more taxing. ? insensitivity? However, Modi seems to be the one they want to meet. to their plights. Jantar Mantar aaoji, ?
She took a friendly jibe at her co- stars Aamir Khan and Salman Khan, and their tendency to work with younger actresses. Tongue in cheek, Raveena said, " I would love to be game for it, but I know that my photograph is going to be hanging there. Aamir and Salman will be garlanding me and Lolo ( Karisma Kapoor) and saying ' hamaari biwiyaan mar gayi, ab kya karein? '
Advani was tipped to become President this time. The CBI is in the hands of the Prime Minister, and the CBI today said in court that the case of conspiracy should take place against Advani in the Babri case. The Presidential elections are due by July this year. The Supreme Court' s revival of the conspiracy charge against BJP veteran LK Advani in the Babri Masjid demolition case is itself a conspiracy of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to remove the BJP veteran from the Presidential race, Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) chief Lalu Prasad said today.  "
Mr President, I? m sorry, ? to Clinton? Some states remained excruciatingly close, but the president was convinced of the outcome and did not want to question the legitimacy of the election as Trump had done just weeks earlier while facing off against Clinton in the debates. Congratulations, Donald. s campaign manager, Robby Mook, on the point. ? t we bring them onboard? Why aren?
Also read:   This popular Bollywood actor urges Kapil and Sunil to bury the hatchetSonu Nigam' s sleep was disturbed by Azaan on Monday morning and he decided to express his irritation with his Twitter rant. He respects all. Let' s not misinterpret n give it a religious tinge. "
The new trains will run on two new lines - Pink ( Mukundpur- Shiv Vihar) and Magenta ( Botanical Garden- Janakpuri west) and will cover a distance of 96 km. ? Passengers travelling between Noida and Kalkaji are likely to be the first one to experience the travel with the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) scheduled to complete the work on this section of phase- III in May. said a DMRC official. Botanical Garden, Okhla Bird sanctuary, Kalindi Kunj, Jasola Vihar Shaheen Bagh, Okhla Vihar, Jamia Milia Islamia, Sukhdev Vihar, Okhla NSIC and Kalkaji Mandir.
The Supreme Court today ruled that Lal Krishna Advani and several other senior Bharatiya Janata Party leaders will face conspiracy charges in the Babri Masjid demolition case. The Supreme Court today allowed the CBI' s appeal and also ordered the clubbing of two trials that are currently going on in the Babri demolition case. ( With inputs from PTI) ALSO READ| The Babri Masjid timeline: What happened and whenALSO READ | Ayodhya, December 6, 1992: A nation' s shameALSO READ | Babri Masjid demolition case is a drag? These 5 examples will tell you the list is long
The youth however apologised to Devaki Devi but her son P Srikanth Chowdary, who was angry over the issue, stabbed him in the chest with a knife and fled away. Kiran' s friends then rushed him to a hospital where he was declared brought dead. According to police, the 20- year- old deceased was an engineering student and the accused Srikanth had a history of animosity with him.
In absence of any visual of iPhone 7 variant, it was concluded that the advertisement is likely to mislead the consumers about the product advertised and its corresponding features, " it said. . ASCI also upheld a complaint against Coca- Cola India for Thums Up campaign, in which the soft drink major has showcased a rider performing a wheelie in normal streets, traffic conditions, right amongst a few people. " However, ASCI said the claim " was not substantiated, and is misleading by implication and exaggeration as the advertised product does not have the property to provide germ protection in wear conditions" . Similarly, Standard Chartered Banks claim of " up to 10 per cent extra cashback on all spends with your Standard Chartered credit card" was found to be " false and misleading by ambiguity" as the cash back was limited to Rs 10, 000 only. MOBIKWIK NOT INDIA' S SAFEST WALLET? Also Read
fait accompli? environment damaging activities? said Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. An expert panel, headed by Shashi Shekhar, secretary of ministry of water resources, submitted a report to the NGT, stating that it would take more than Rs 42 crore and at least 10 years to rehabilitate the floodplain after the damage caused by the three- day festival in March 2016. ? ? I invite all honest environmentalists to study the case and unveil the truth, ?
A decision to this effect was taken at the Cabinet meeting held under the chairmanship of Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar here, an official spokesman said. Aadhaar would be the primary KYC for the bank account and insurance coverage, he said. The accident cover for the member would terminate on attaining the age of 70 years or closure of the account with the bank or insufficiency of balance at the time of renewal to keep the insurance in force, the official said. However, applicants may give an indefinite or longer option for enrolment or auto- debit.
During Lok Sabha elections, Prime Minister Narendra Nodi had talked about bringing black money back. . New Delhi, Apr 18 ( PTI) The government is assessing how to bring Vijay Mallya back to India and start judicial proceedings against him, Union Minister Santosh Gangwar said today on a day when the defaulter businessman was arrested in London and released later on bail. " We are now assessing the facts ( as to) how we can bring him back into the country and start judicial proceedings against him, " he told reporters here.
From Shirish B Pradhan Kathmandu, Apr 17 ( PTI) Amid widespread criticism, the Nepal government today decided to withdraw its decision to declare a public holiday on Friday, the day when President Bidya Devi Bhandari returns after concluding her state visit to India. The Ministry of Home Affairs said it has revised the notice issued yesterday which had granted a public holiday on coming Friday, April 21.
I' m absolutely fine. # VaralaxmiGotKidnappedpic. # VaralaxmiGotKidnapped - This shows how NOBODY cares if someone got kidnapped. https: / / t. co/ 9fi73sJsVPApril 18, 2017Thu ð? twitter. . ! All is well and always well for @ varusarathVaralaxmi is in New Delhi to represent her Save Shakti campaign to the Law minister.
I do not want to  be the idol of sympathy but want to courageously take on these offenders, " Ilmi told India Today. While condemning the BJP, AAP supporters had raised questions like how the BJP accepted Sandeep Kumar which attacked the senior AAP leadership over Kumar' s CD scandal in the past. Ilmi had earlier approached the cyber cell and complained about online trolls. 1 for the upcoming MCD polls.
This year' s traditional Thingyan water festival ran from Thursday to Sunday. A total of 285 people were killed and 1, 073 others injured across Myanmar during a four- day water festival, media reports said. Among the deaths, 10 were in Nay Pyi Taw, 44 in Yangon, 36 in Mandalay, 26 in Sagaing region, 11 in Tanintharyi region, 37 in Bago region, 11 in Magway region, 20 in Mon state, 17 in Rakhine, 29 in Shan state and 28 in Ayeyawaddy region.
Two- time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova has entered the draw for next month' s French Open four months after suffering a serious hand injury, she said on Monday. My name will appear on the entry list for Roland Garros tomorrow because I had made good progress in my recovery process and I want to give myself every last opportunity to be able to compete at one of my favourite events, " Kvitova said on Instagram on Monday.
Police said that apart from Arunabh, they also took statements of about six other people. A day after being granted anticipatory bail by Dindoshi Sessions Court, The Viral Fever' s ( TVF) CEO Arunabh Kumar' s has claimed that he was being victimised in the case. Also read: TVF molestation case: Arunabh Kumar gets anticipatory bailAnother case against TVF' s Arunabh Kumar? ' Indian Fowler' says she has lodged formal complaint
Sasikala has betrayed Amma. . Amid talks of merger between the two warring factions of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam' s ( AIADMK) , former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam has made it clear that he would settle for nothing less than ouster of VK Sasikala and her nephew TTV Dinakaran from the party. Surprisingly, a plan has also been formulated to bring Sasikala out of prison in 4 months if ahe quits the general secretary post Dinakaran is to not involve himself into party decisions but can be a party worker. PANNEERSELVAM AS CM, EPS AS DEPUTY CM? Have Panneerselvam and Sasikala patched up?
They usually get that power from conventional rechargeable batteries. They have been working on this approach in recent years, creating triboelectric nanogenerators ( TENGs) that can harness the mechanical energy all around us, such as that created by our footsteps, and then use it to power portable electronics. The four outer sides, made of gold- and graphite- coated sand paper, comprised the devices energy- storing supercapacitor element.
Kaur was sent imprisoned last year for robbing banks to pay off her gambling debts. From making her watch some of the evergreen Gujarati films like Chello Divas, Amari Duniya Tamari Duniya and Mehendi Rang Lagyo to catching up on Gujarati plays, Mehta helped Kangana bring the character alive on screen. Known to get into the character of the skin, Kangana learnt Gujarati to play the perfect Gujju girl in Simran.
Steve Smith' s side already boast tearaway paceman Mitchell Starc along with the precision of Josh Hazlewood. James Pattinson has also been in stellar form in domestic cricket since returning from a 12- month injury layoff in February and the 26- year- old could complete a dream pace quartet for the five- match Ashes series starting in November. He is a once in a generation bowler and you have got to harness that amazing talent, " Lee said in an interview at a Mumbai hotel overlooking the Arabian Sea. Australia is in a very good spot. " ( Matt) Renshaw is just 21 years old. You got some people that are injecting in some youth, some experience.
A women? on their house day. s hostel at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi ( IITD) has put up a notice asking women to wear ? ? If such a notice has been put up I will call a meeting and investigate the matter, ? said Upadhyayula.
Amritsar, Apr 17 ( PTI) The Akal Takht today announced tankha ( religious punishment) on as many as 39 politicians, including those from SAD, Congress and AAP, for visiting Dera Sacha Sauda prior to Punjab Assembly polls ignoring its call for boycott of the sect. Members ( particularly Sikhs) of various political parties including Congress, SAD and AAP who were asked to appear before the Akal Takht, since being a Sikh no one could visit sect headquarter especially when the community was asked by it to boycott the tainted sect, Singh said. Members of SAD who were awarded tankha from Akal Takht included Jeet Mohinder Singh Sidhu, Sikander Singh Maluka, Dilraj Singh Bhunder, Parkash Singh Bhatti, Kawaljit Singh Roji Barkandi, Parminder Singh Dhindsa, Surjit Singh Rakhra, Nishan Singh Budlada, Mantar Singh Brar, Inder Iqbal Singh Atwal, Ranjit Singh Talwandi, Gobind Singh Longowal, Surinderpal Singh, Guljar Singh, Hardip Singh, Darsh Singh Kot Fatha and Jagdip Singh Nakoi.
? But if the charges are found true, we will certainly register a case against the woman officer and take strictest possible action under law, ? the officer said. s father in view of the alleged confession letter which was given to the police by the school staff. s father that he had repeatedly sexually assaulted his daughter and got the signatures of other colleagues, she had alleged. s father. ( With PTI inputs)
7 km, of which a significant part will be on the surface. " It was an exhilarating experience. The tunnel boring machine ( TBM) , used in the excavation work, will now go beyond the slab number 840 to dig up earth under the river bed and finally reach the east bank - that is the city. During my chance meeting with the West Bengal CM in 2015 which the media had christened as Jhalmuri diplomacy, I had broached the topic of encroachment and with the intervention of TMC leaders it was resolved. " The encroachers will be relocated in a new building in the area, " he said.
An Army jawan has been killed in accidental firing in Poonch area of Jammu and Kashmir. The incident took place in Mendhar area of Poonch.
Sathyaraj as the salve warlord Katappa, is one of the most important characters in The Conclusion. " Baahubali 1 released. I worked with Sathyaraj for almost five years and I could have never ever imagined he is a person who could try to hurt someone. And suddenly, raking up the issue at this point in time is not right, " he said. Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah, Sathyaraj and Ramya Krishnan star in pivotal roles in this instalment of Baahubali too.
@ htTweets @ htdelhi? Faizan Haidar ( @ FaiHaider) April 17, 2017The proposal lists six steps to tackle similar situations, including informing the airport manager, no direct interaction with media, immediate filing of police complaint, assessment of damage, and fining a misbehaving flier in accordance with the amount of delay. no- fly? s morale. . ? The Shiv Sena, an ally of the ruling BJP at the Centre and Maharashtra, held him clean and threatened to stop all flights from Mumbai and skip a meeting of the NDA if the ban was not revoked.
The former MP, who is currently lodged in Delhi' s high security Tihar Jail, is accused in a triple murder case along with seven others namely Dasrath Singh, Rama Singh, Birender Singh, Saheb Singh, Kallu Singh, Sushil Singh and Paras Singh against. Out of the eight accused, Dasrath, Saheb and Birender died during the trial in the case. ALSO READ: Shahabuddin vs Chhota Rajan in Tihar: Why Siwan muscleman is furious over underworld donRJD strongman Shahabuddin' s jail- selfie goes viral, sends cops into a tizzy
Its not that National awards are not prestigious, but it doesnt take away the fact whatever the film has achieved. " Mumbai, Apr 16 ( PTI) Actress Alia Bhatt, who played the role of a Bihari migrant in " Udta Punjab" , said the film was not made with the intention of winning a National award. Udta Punjab" also had Shahid Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor and Diljit Dosanjh were in key roles. Thats the wrong way of looking at it, " Alia told reporters here.
Unusual rush at the store helped Lok Sabha MP Kavitha earn fat. WHY KAVITHA SOLD SAREESThe ruling party of Telangana, TRS is said to be short of funds to celebrate its formation day on April 27 in Warrangal. Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao is likely to work as a ' Gulabi Coolie' in Mahabubnagar district on Wednesday. She reportedly ' earned' Rs 7 lakh by selling sarees to customers. ALSO READ | Telangana CM Chandrasekhar Rao' s son earns Rs 7.
. I will admit it was upsetting that the look was out as we were saving the look to reveal much later. Rajkumar Hirani had directed me in Lage Raho Munnabhai and it was great to be working with him again, " she said, adding, " Right now we all are tight- lipped about the film but we cannot wait to reveal things. " The film also stars Vicky Kaushal as Sanjay Dutt' s close friend, Manisha Koirala as Nargis Dutt and Paresh Rawal as Sunil Dutt.
Arunabh' s lawyer Abad Ponda told the court that not only were these cases falsely registered against him but there were no merits in the cases which were registered more than an year after the alleged incidents. About 10 days ago, the same court had granted interim relief to him. Kumar had founded TVF in 2011. Also read:
Palekar has further challenged the provisions of the Cinematography Act, calling the pre- censorship of films irrelevant in the internet era. According to a report in Scroll, Palekar in the petition has pointed out the absence of a member with a legal background in CBFC which often leads the board to repeatedly violate filmmakers' fundamental right to speech and expression. He was recently in the news for his documentary Bhinna Shadja, on late singer Kishori Amonkar, when she passed away earlier this month.
said Sanjay Samrat of Delhi Taxi Tourist Transporters Association. Until now, drivers of kaali- peeli taxis, those with All India Taxi Permit ( AITP) and auto- rickshaws had always protested against the Ola- Uber drivers for eating away into their earnings as the app- based cab service gained huge popularity. ? said Kamaljeet Gill, president SDAD. Foes turn friendsTuesday? Samrat said.
s popularity. India first? personality cult? If you form government in Delhi on an anti- corruption plank and fall silent when some of your own come under scanner, people have the right to question you, ? a video put out by Aam Aadmi Party colleague Kumar Vishwas, who takes a swipe at the his own government over the issue of corruption. He is family. ? . https: / / t. co/ 0pIOm401T9? Defending his government?
Seventy- one people died, including 19 Chapecoense players and most of the club' s staff, when the chartered plane in which they were traveling slammed into a hillside in Colombia last November. Left- back Reinaldo opened the scoring on Saturday before second- half substitute Tulio de Melo doubled the hosts' lead seven minutes from time, reports Xinhua news agency.
Casting grave doubts on the intention of the Modi dispensation, Singh mentioned there is an attempt to build an atmosphere in the direction of war with Pakistan. " , Digvijaya Singh stated. Also Read: BJP stole mandate like thief, they will now pay for it: Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Goa government . They have committed dacoity and BJP will have to pay for it. "
Indians did not take the comment lightly and took to social media to lash out at the statement from the CEO. According to the application info on App Store, the " Customer Ratings" of the current version of the app was " single star" ( based on 6, 099 ratings) and all versions rating was " one and half star" ( based on 9, 527 ratings) as on Sunday morning, reported IANS. # boycottsnapchat became the most trending hashtag on Twitter overnight. " Let' s see how you earn without Indians. INSTAGRAM SURPASSES SNAPCHATAccording to a report in Forbes on Thursday, Facebook' s photo- sharing app Instagram surpassed Snapchat in daily active users of " Stories" feature, though the format was first launched by Snapchat in 2013. # boycottsnapchat" .
Then, Vivek apparently asked for fifteen days from Ram Gopal Varma. # NotAllStarKids, the hashtag would read, if social media got wind of what Vivek Oberoi had to go through to bag the now- iconic role of Chandu in Ram Gopal Varma' s 2002 film Company and made the story viral. But I always wanted to become an actor on my own, so I told him that I would like to go through my struggle. . On the day, I was supposed to meet him, I took out some mud from a plant at his office and applied it on my face. That convinced him, " Vivek said.
London, Apr 16 ( PTI) Singer Kimberly Wyatt claims she was " made to be like an anorexic alien" when she was in the Pussycat Dolls. The 35- year- old singer and dancer alleges record producers were " constantly watching" the girl group to check they had not gained weight, reported Femalefirst.
Yes, you read that right! He said, " I am a huge fan of Rajamouli' s work and if he ever plans to make Mahabharata, I would love to play Krishna or Karna. Filmmaker SS Rajamouli had apparently discussed the possibility of his gargantuan project on Mahabharata with Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan. Though the talks are still in nascent stage, Rajamouli went on the record saying that his dream has always been to direct Mahabharata. WATCH Baahubali vs Bhallala Deva: Prabhas and Rana Daggubati arm- wrestle it out
Ahead of a crucial Assembly session, the Telangana cabinet on Saturday cleared the Telangana State Reservation Bill 2017. Ahead of today' s Assembly session - and at a time when the Bharatiya Janata Party and its affiliated wings have announced a protest against the TRS government - security has been increased across Hyderabad, Telangana' s capital. ALSO READ | Telangana: Ahead of special Assembly session, Cabinet meeting today
After the Mumbai airport allegedly received a threat that a bomb was about to be placed there, security has been beefed up at Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad airports. ALSO READ | Mumbai: 2 people arrested for making hoax bomb threat CISF jawans are patrolling the airport premises with loaded weapons, and Central Intel has also received a tip that terrorist organizations might attempt to hijack an airplane, sources said.
So far, 31. Nearly 1 crore or about 13 per cent of the total households in urban areas do not have latrine facility - - neither access to public latrine nor do they have toilets within their premises, " according to the data provided by the HUPA ministry in Parliament recently. 8 crore. "
I dont think I have still made a mark for myself. It is very important for me because its very important for the producers to back great films. I like it that way. Even though, her acting skills are always applauded, Swara believes commercial success is as important as critical acclaim. "
Union president Manoj Chaudhary has been also been expelled, Delhi BJP media in- charge Praveen Shankar Kapoor said. Party leader and former Delhi University Students? s polls to the three civic bodies in the national capital, has decided not to give tickets to all its sitting councillors in the three corporations. s official candidates.
With less than 10 days to go for the MCD polls, the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) has released a booklet criticising the BJP' s work. Titled ' MCD: Most Corrupt Department' , the booklet accuses the BJP- ruled MCD of corruption, having ghost employees, pension scam, misgovernance and of having dearth of funds.
I will duly perform my role in the alliance. " Speaking on the occasion of 126th birth anniversary of Dr Bhim Rao Ambedkar, Mayawati said that to stop BJP' s juggernaut, she was open to cooperate with anti- BJP parties. ' Akhilesh Yadav repeated the charges saying that Yogi Adityanath government was formed after cheating the people of Uttar Pradesh.
said Dayal. The screen, that was installed on April 9 and is meant to display advertisements, started playing a porn video all of a sudden, eyewitnesses said. Dayal added. ? said a senior police officer. said another DMRC spokesperson.
Taking cognisance of the increasing menace of drug and substance abuse among children in the NCR region, the Juvenile Justice Board has banned the sale of correction fluids/ whiteners, thinners/ diluters and vulcanised solutions/ sulochans to children below the age of 18 years unless the child is accompanied by parents/ guardian, or has a letter from the school authorities signifying their assent to purchase of the same. The Juvenile Justice Board has further asked the Directorate of Health in Delhi to work out a plan to open more de- addiction centres as there is a severe crunch at this moment. Eleven percent of the affected, use inhalants such as whiteners and thinners. These centres are housing far more children than their permitted capacity.
m walking? post- traumatic growth? garbage whore? We? m hoping that this book helps people stop judging people who date [ after the loss of a partner] , particularly women, because women get judged more harshly, ? she said. ? I think we all go through that. s option B.
Before being appointed as Tata Sons chairman, Chandrasekaran headed TCS, in which capacity he was instrumental in USD 35 million grant to Carnegie Mellon University to research and promote " pioneering work in technologies so that we are able to create a better future, a better world for the humanity" . " We are working with a large number of schools to promote STEM. 0 vision learning, " he said. " So it will be a very meaningful contribution.
The pilot then proceeded from the bay to the runway and was about to take- off when all the agitated passengers reportedly stood up and started protesting. ? Pathetic? 1/ 2
No, he has not become an entrepreneur. TRS MP Malla Reddy bought the ice- cream for Rs 5 lakh. READ MORE: Telangana IT minister lends car to shift fatal accident victims to hospitalTelangana minister KT Rama Rao praises Pawan Kalyan' s Katamarayudu Friday was the first day of a week- long programme in which all leaders and cadre of the party will work as " coolies" .
Is Shahid Kapoor a star or a superstar? Shahid, reportedly, did not like being called a ' star' in the story' s headline and demanded that ' star' should be changed to ' superstar' . According to Rajeev Masand' s latest column in Open Magazine, it all began when Shahid Kapoor did a photoshoot for the cover of a ' popular film glossy' a few days before the release of his film Rangoon. But Rangoon finally released and flopped big time.
I will be launching my first international music video with main focus in India this year and then maybe explore acting in Bollywood films, " the cricketer said in a statement on Saturday. One of the projects might even see the two collaborating. Venus Entertainment Group will be taking care of Russell' s branding and management globally.
. play ( and) train. is getting stronger. " The 26- year- old had an operation after breaking the radial bone in his arm when three explosions went off as the bus made its way to the stadium shortly before Dortmund' s Champions League clash with AS Monaco. I feel pride, thinking that all the harm they wanted to do to us on Tuesday led to nothing worse than that. " We' re playing for everyone.
The Android Nougat 7. However, the 7. 1. Additionally, some Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X owners are also experiencing the same issue after installing the update. It seems some Pixel and Nexus owners will have to make do with traditional means of unlocking the smartphone till a fix is issued. 1 Nougat if you can.
New Delhi, Apr 13 ( PTI) An employer, not a court, will decide whether a probationary employees services are satisfactory, the Delhi High Court has said. . While setting aside the tribunals decision, the high court also expressed surprise as to how the DST avoided direct reference to the 2013 decision of the high court. The school had terminated the services of a teacher in March 2014 after keeping him on probation for nearly three years as his work was not found to be satisfactory.
including drones. It was recognised that some plants reacted to those vapours, and the research used modified bacteria that essentially glow in contact with the explosive vapour. Belkin? The system has been successfully tested in a field of real landmines, scanning the ground at a rate of around 18cm per second ? said Prof Shimshon Belkin, who headed the experiment. ?
After making the announcement, the CM while accepting AAP' s defeat in Rajouri Garden constituency during bypolls said that people were not happy with the decision of Jarnail Singh' s resignation to contest in Punjab' s state elections. There are around 20 lakh dalits and Scheduled Castes in Delhi, making up for nearly 20 per cent of the city' s electoral population of 12 million.
By Laxmi Devi Bengaluru, Apr 14 ( PTI) President Pranab Mukherjee today underscored the need for India to be a global powerhouse not just in terms of economic parameters but also Gross National Happiness. " Along with GDP, GNH is considered as one of the important factors of development, " Mukherjee emphasised. He expressed concern over unemployability of the youth in India, saying " 600 million youth are entering the job market, but their employability is not adequate" .
The recovered cash amounts to about Rs 40 crore. Nagraj' s residence was raided after the police received a tip off regarding the presence of cash. Sources from the police said that the accused was involved in a kidnapping case in the past.
Restaurants cannot ask their customers to pay service charges anymore, Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan said today. The Narendra Modi government' s move comes months after it said in January that customers could choose not to pay service charges. ALSO READ | Don' t like paying service charge in restaurants?
But as go the rules of the internet world, people took it seriously and began posting pictures of their own versions of the feather brow. so i am starting this new brow trend please recreate it and wear it everyday and dont forget to tag me like and subscribe and hit that bell buttonð? ð? ? . » ALL credits go to my muse @ leevittu he came up with this whilst brushing my eyebrows last sunday brow: glue stick skin: @ maccosmetics Face& Body foundation C1, @ maccosmetics pro longwear concealer NW20, a lot of Fix+ for the wet effect highlight: @ katvondbeauty Alchemist Palette ( Emerald, Opal, Amethyst) eyeshadows: @ lipsicosmetics lipstick on the lid and @ maccosmetics matte lipsticks in Frosting and Matte Royal mixed for the inner& outer corners mascara: @ maccosmetics in extreme dimension lash mascara in Hold For 10A post shared by Stella Sironen ( @ stella.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday launched BHIM- Aadhar pay app, that will allow people to make payments without using a smartphone. The app, which will be available for download to merchants across the country, will link your Aadhaar number and biometric fingerprint to complete a transaction. With the implementation of the new system, all you will need is your fingerprint to make a payment.
»ã? . ! Also Read: The 17- year- long diet that gave Hugh Jackman THAT body is finally over" It was Sushant' s character that got him of bed at 5 am in the morning, his commitment that moved us into action for our daily workout, discipline that enabled him to follow through a fit and healthy lifestyle, " Samee wrote before describing Sushant' s daily routine. @ sushantsinghrajput Rocked with his performance at IPL 2017 Mumbai' s Opening Ceremony @ sushantsinghrajput 8 week' s transformation # fitnessmotivation # fitlifestyle # dedicated # hardworking # doer # aesthetic # shredded # cleaneating # inspiration # bodylike # GreekGod # sushantsinghrajput # Enjoy # traininghimA post shared by Samee Ahmed ( @ sam.
said Romil Baaniya, DCP ( southeast) . said Baaniya. ? Since the fake call centres already had other details related to the credit or debit cards, courtesy Gupta, the OTPs would help them in stealing money. He had stored the data in different folders to meet the exact requirement of his clients. said another investigator.
Comedian Paresh Ganatra will play her husband. Good news for comedian Kapil Sharma, who has lost nearly all the strong members of his team, post mid- air feud with his TKSS team. Also read: Kapil Sharma beats Sunil Grover in TRP war!
The government has proposed a new set of rules for processing Right to Information applications, complaints and appeals and has sought suggestions from the public by April 15. Bringing changes in the RTI Act, which people have got after years of agitations, is like damaging their fundamental right. We feel that it is an attempt to weaken this historic law, " he said. Hazare said he was opposed to the proposed change in allowing withdrawal of appeal to the CIC.
Hema Malini drinks everyday, but does she commit suicide? " . he asked. Kadu, who is not new to making controversial statements, while countering the general claims that farmers commit suicide because of their drinking habits said, " 75 per cent MLAs, MPs, journalists drink. These statements are uncalled for.
Patanjali Ayrved is the Indian FMCG firm founded by Yoga guru Baba Ramdev. wash: Kanhaiya Nagpur, Apr 13 ( PTI) Stating that many sections of society are living in " environment of fear" , the student leader Kanhaiya Kumar today said one will be dubbed " anti- national" even for not using a Patanjali brand face wash in present scenario. " He was addressing a gathering to launch Bihar Te Tihar, the Marathi version of his Hindi book, on the eve of the birth anniversary of dalit icon Dr B R Ambedkar. "
This is not the first mercy petition filed by Chaudhry. In October 2012, he filed a similar petition seeking mercy for Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab who was awarded capital punishment by various courts of India. The signatories who had earlier signed the petition include prominent journalists and social workers from Mumbai and other parts of the country. The petition finally concludes saying, " In a country whose people believe in the Koran which exalts compassion as the foremost virtue, let it not be said that there is no place left in people' s hearts for mercy or that the national conscience can only be satisfied by the killing of Kulbhushan Jadhav" . Bereft of mercy, society becomes impoverished and inhuman.
I am happy that the people and the jury have loved it, I am proud and honoured but this film is to introspect, this film is not to celebrate you know. And we are going to take this thought ahead. Pink, a poignant courtroom drama directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, starred Amitabh Bachchan, Tapsee Pannu, Kirti Kulhari, Angad Bedi and Andrea Tariang in the lead. Their first was a film titled Shoebite which after a lot of delay, eventually got shelved, and then they came together for Shoojit' s directorial, Piku in 2015. The film which was co- produced by John Abraham, earned Sircar his first National Award for Best Popular Film, and veteran actors Annu Kapoor and Dolly Alhuwalia won Best Supporting Actors ( Male and female) for the cult film in 2013. This was just the beginning!
Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt will be seen together on the big screen soon in Dragon, directed by Ayan Mukerji. I did not feel bad so even you do not feel bad about it. " Ranbir chose. .
Vidya Balan starrer Begum Jaan, written and directed by National award- winning filmmaker Srijit Mukherji, has been banned in Pakistan. I was assured that they would look into the matter. On learning this I requested the key officer of the censor board of Pakistan to at least view the film and then take a decision. Speaking exclusively to India Today TV, Mahesh Bhatt explained that Pakistan does not screen films which revolve around the partition era. "
Thank you, my friend, for your kind holiday greeting. https: / / t. co/ Is1NmfWiMF Netanyahu' s tweet was then re- tweeted by the PMO. Israeli President Reuven Rivlins visit to India last November had set the stage for Prime Minister Modis historic visit to the Jewish state which is likely to take place in the middle of this year.
Pale piss, seriously Denmark? com/ MYwE2yP9Xj" Just as we have seen shops sell goods that would otherwise have been thrown out, Beercycling allows us to recycle a product that is normally flushed down the drain, " Ruptly quoted Karen Haekkerup, CEO of the Danish Agriculture and Food Council. " ? I 2015 startede # beercycling pÃ¥ Roskilde Festival - Nu skal vi fra pis til pilsner, men hvad skal Ã¸llen hedde?
A probe has been ordered after the incident which took place at Buxar railway station on Monday. The train received the green signal but when it failed to move, furious passengers got off the train and protested angrily. FYI | | Humanity derailed: Unhelpful people ignore woman stuck between closing train doors | | The panel controller had to make an announcement using the panel address system and asked the driver to return immediately and get the train moving to let other tains move forward as well. 20 pm.
Salman, who will reprise his role in Ek Tha Tiger sequel, was seen bonding with Austrian actor and Playboy model Ronja Forcher during the shooting of Tiger Zinda Hai in Austria. ? ð? However, there has been no confirmation from the makers on the same.
What is next" . " I would say these are required ( for transforming Indias economy to the next level) , " Murthy said. For the transformation of the Indian economy, he said it is essential for the younger generation to be daring and that India is integrated with the global economy. " Today, challenges are different. Therefore this is a clear example of how Indian students wherever they are whether in India or here or anywhere else can be sure that as long as they are good citizens of this world, contribute to make the society a better place through peaceful and harmonious methods, they will be recognised, appreciated, " he said.
He was 63. According to reports, the actor suffered kidney failure today. Munshi Venu, who is known for playing supporting roles in Malayalam films, passed away at a palliative care centre at Chalakudy, Thrissur.
There' s strange, there is unfathomable, then there is downright disturbing. A game show aired on popular  Dutch public broadcasting channel, NPO 3, had men take shots at scrutinising a woman' s body and gauging whether or not she is overweight. Yes, we are not kidding.
5 years. Kasni was shunted out within a month as Gurgaon Divisional Commissioner in September 2016 after he exposed a nexus between the revenue officials and the builders. The series of  transfers have put a question mark on the working of BJP government which had claimed transparency and a corruption- free government.
The BJP' s performance in Assembly by- election ahead of the crucial MCD polls has the Delhi unit chief Manoj Tiwari beaming with confidence. ? , ? Kejriwal wants EVMs to work like Manish Sisodia does for him, " Tiwari told Aaj Tak. ! Jaago Voter Jaago https: / / t. co/ kMKCBLKyv7AAP LOSES DEPOSIT IN RAJOURI GARDENBJP' s Manjinder Singh Sirsa won Rajouri Garden seat by 14652 votes, defeating Congress candidate Meenakshi Chandela. The AAP came a dismal third losing its deposit. We will work hard now and make people understand. ALSO READ:
More than 1, 000 innocent Indians were killed and over 1, 100 injured. But he did not apologise for it. CANADA APOLOGISED FOR 1914 KOMAGATA MARU INCIDENTWhile it is still uncertain whether the Britishers would act contrite for the excesses committed by them, Canada apologised for the 1914 Komagata Maru incident where hundreds of Hindu, Sikh and Muslim immigrants were denied entry into that country and turned away from the port of Vancouver to return to an uncertain and ultimately violent fate in India. While speaking on his book ' An Era of Darkness: The British Empire In India' before inaugurating the Kolkata Literary Festival- 2017, had said, " Either the British Prime Minister or a member of the royal family can come and convey their own profound apologies to the people of India, not just for that atrocity ( Jallianwala Bagh massacre) but for all wrongs done during the empire. " While Canada has apologised for the 1914 Komagata Maru incident and Japan has said sorry to South Korea over the Korean women forced into sexual slavery for Japanese soldiers during the World War II, the UK has yet to express any such sentiments. Japan had colonised Korea from 1910- 45.
The 21- year- old model, who will be visiting Mumbai on April 27, will join Indias own fashionista Sonam Kapoor to discuss fashion, her collection, and her role as the global brand ambassador for Tommy Hilfiger womenswear. " Travelling around the world to meet fans and present the TommyXGigi collections has been an amazing experience.
Pakistan maintained that providing a defending officer during his trial at the Field General Court Martial as per legal provisions of the military court of Pakistan was enough defence for Kulbhushan Jadhav. HOW IT HAPPENED WITH KULBHUSHAN JADHAVPakistan Army General Qamar Javed Bajwa confirmed the death sentence to Kulbhushan Jadhav after the Field General Court Martial found him guilty of " all the charges" . The government can also transfer cases to the military courts of Pakistan. 2. Even the families of the convicts are not told about the investigation and evidence related to the case. The written judgment explains the reasoning and logic behind the verdicts.
The Election Commission today threw an " open challenge" to people to hack its EVMs, a move which comes after opposition parties urged it to revert to the paper ballot system raising doubts over infallibility of the machines. " They said the challenge will be open for a week or 10 days and will have various levels. Also read: Madhya Pradesh bypolls: Congress demands ballot paper after VVPAT dispenses only BJP tickets in Bhind
1 ( d) of the Affiliation- bye- laws of the Board clearly states that the school will follow the syllabus on the basis of curriculum prescribed by NCERT/ CBSE and textbooks published by NCERT or CBSE as far as practicable, " the statement said. CBSE does not recommend books by any private publishers to the affiliate schools. Rule 15. The content must be scrutinised to preclude any objectionable content that hurts the feelings of any class, community, gender, religious group in society if prescribing books having such content, the school will have to take the responsibility of such content, " the CBSE said. "
On the topic of his daughter Suhana joining Bollywood as an actor, Shah Rukh said, " You need to be minimal qualification of a graduate before you even think of coming and learning any way. I am not saying go beyond me and learn and come back and all only, I do not think she needs this kind of a shadow over her. So go out. That' s not cool. ( sic) " Shah Rukh added. " She really likes it.
29 crore. bias beyond doubt. . The closeness of the petitioner with the expert committee members was not disclosed to us when it was appointed by NGT and went into the preparation of the report, ? ? The NGT slapped an interim fine Rs 5 crore on the Foundation for environmental damage while efforts were made to ascertain the exact costs of the damage. fait accompli?
The money was allegedly paid without prior approval from the Reserve Bank of India in violation of FERA norms. Vijay Mallya had allegedly paid 200, 000 dollars to the British firm for displaying the Kingfisher logo in Formula One World Championships in London and some European countries in 1996, 1997 and 1998. ( with inputs from PTI) ALSO READ:
It might not be a Thursday, but Salman Khan' s sister Arpita Khan was in a mood to share a throwback picture with her bhaijaan. ? Arpita took to Instagram to share an adorable picture from her childhood. @ beingsalmankhanA post shared by Arpita Khan Sharma ( @ arpitakhansharma) on Apr 11, 2017 at 6: 50am PDT It was only recently that reports of Arpita being upset with Salman were doing the rounds.
This was stated by Minister of State ( MoS) for Home Kiren Rijiju in a response to an unstarred question by Rajya Sabha MP Harivansh. Internationally, " the wall" is a term often used by United States President Donald Trump while referring to the physical barrier his government aims to build along the border with Mexico. The MHA said India has sanctioned a pilot project for deployment of technological solutions and force multipliers, physical patrolling, laying of concertina wires, laser infra- red system, among several other measures along the border. ALSO READ: Border with Bangladesh, Pakistan will be sealed, says Rajnath Singh
I compliment women. Is that wrong? " . After a series of allegations on social media from several women complaining of sexual harassment, Mumbai Police registered an FIR against CEO and founder of The Viral Fever, Arunabh Kumar. ScoopWhoop' s inactionWhen the complainant, took up the matter with ScoopWhoop co- founder Sriparna Tikekar, she assured her that such behaviour would not be repeated. Mr. Pandey got so bold as to send me a lewd video over the official Gmail chat, in which the words were " aapnu jeans dheeli karo" ' , reads the FIR.
Hyderabad, Apr 12 ( PTI) The tightening of H1- B work visa rules in the US would be advantageous to Indian IT firms as they would shift more work offshore and also be in a position to improve their billing rate, says industry veteran T V Mohandas Pai. The average pay is around USD 80, 000- 85, 000 per year. It will improve their competitiveness and make them better, " he said. " So, they are already getting prepared.
. New Delhi, Apr 11 ( PTI) After regulator TRAI nixed its complimentary offer, Reliance Jio today announced a new plan of 1GB 4G data daily for 3 months at Rs 309 for its Prime members but rival Airtel dubbed the offer as a case of " old wine in a new bottle" . We are surprised to see what Jio is doing. The new plans with benefits for Jio Prime members is aimed at encouraging subscribers to " live the digital life without restrictions" , Jio said in a statement. " TRAI had said that Jio will be required to roll back the 3- month complimentary offer in " shortest possible time" but clarified that customers who had already subscribed to the said scheme could avail the benefits till June- end.
5 crore Maserati Quattroporte. And the first person he took out on a ride was none other than his rumoured girlfriend Kriti Sanon. ? # maserati # quattroporte ð? ( Photos: Yogen Shah)
A total of 298 VIPs and VVIPs are also being provided central security cover under various categories, it added in a statement. 59.
It' s not all hyperbole, though. A Class 12 textbook meant for Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) students is putting all speculation over that question to rest, declaring authoritatively that the much- celebrated 36- 24- 36 figure is, in fact, the " best" body shape for females. A cursory sentence in the section on ' Differences in shape' says that when it comes to males, the ' V' body shape is considered the best. The purpose?
According to an Indian Express report, Justice VK Tahilramani noted in his judgement that the man convicted for killing his wife, " only wanted to inflict burns and not kill her but unfortunately the situation slipped out of control to a fatal extent. " not kill her. That' s comforting. # IGiveUppic. twitter.
Despite beginning his career as a painter in the Post- Impressionist genre of portraits and landscapes and following it for quite some time, Jamini Roy, by 1925, began experimenting. com. Here are 10 things to know about the impeccable artist:
He probably thought he would get away with it unharmed, but it cost him his job. twitter. National paints , Sharjah just called me to apologise on behalf of the company for the harassment i faced from their ex- employee Bincy lalMany have since applauded this step taken by the UAE company. Zero tolerance for sexual harassment & incitement https: / / t. co/ SmipAXVNpd From featuring a menstruation temple to UAE army, 7 reasons why you should not skip the Republic Day Parade 2017Did you know falcons in UAE have their own passports? ?
6 TMC- Hipparge dam : 0. 7 TMC- Bhadra: 8. 295 TMC- Harangi dam: 1. 438 TMC- Kabini dam: 0. 787 TMCWATER RATIONING BEGINS? " Similarly, district administrations can stop farmers from utilizing pumpsets, since Patil said, " there' s is water for agricultural purposes and what we have is only for drinking. "
Rainbow flags fluttered on the streets of Awadh as a huge crowd marched for 1. In a proud moment for the state, LGBTIQA members were also joined by their family members, who came out in support of the participants. " We are only keeping the tradition alive though the modern Indian political class is ashamed of it, " Ashok Row Kavi, chairman of Humsafar Trust, told The Times of India. 5 km from Sikanderbagh Crossing to Gandhi Park at Hazratganj.
And, while this funding round provides the fuel we need need to reach that goal, we have to continue growing our business with careful considerations to costs, " he said in a mail shot- off to his employees after raising USD 1. At its peak, Flipkart was valued at over USD 15 billion ( roughly Rs 1, 00, 830 crore) . Bansal said the deals that the company has struck are important for them as e- commerce space accounts for less than two per cent of all retail in India and the potential for online retail alone is about USD 100 billion. " Bengaluru, Apr 10 ( PTI) Flipkart Co- founder Binny Bansal today said while the latest funding round provides the fuel the company needs to reach its goal of transforming commerce in India through technology, it should continue to grow its business with careful considerations to costs. " It is just an acknowledgement of the strides we have taken in improving peoples lives, it is also an endorsement of the opportunities ahead, " he said.
Also Read: Navratri diet is one of the healthiest, if you do it the right waySSJ International Hotel already served a good Mughlai menu, but the vegetarian part has been given a new look and feel in the honour of the new CM. Obviously, the colours worn by Yogi Adityanath- - saffron and orange- - take centre- stage in these recrafted signature dishes. Everything from paneer tikka, tandoori aloo, tandoori momos, tandoori achari chaap and tandoori stuffed malai chaap to pineapple tarts and tomato sour!
The United States, Mexico and Canada announced on Monday that they were making a joint bid to host the 2026 World Cup, which the U. S. soccer chief said would produce the biggest financial boon ever for FIFA. We look forward to welcoming the world after what we hope is a successful bid. " FIFA is soccer' s world governing body. We' ve got 500 million people in these three countries. TRUMP' S BLESSING
On Sunday around 11. Raju lived with his family in Mangolpuri? During the interrogation, the five reportedly told the police that they were drunk and got enraged when Raju refused to serve them golgappe. Hearing Raju? During the interrogation, the five reportedly told the police that they were drunk and got enraged when Raju refused to serve them golgappe. ?
. Smoking is a personal choice, and religious and ordinary people should respect each other, but his behaviour of not daring to smoke conforms with extreme religious thought in Xinjiang, " the Global Times quoted a Hotan official as saying. " leaders From K J M Varma Beijing, Apr 11 ( PTI) In an unusual move, China has demoted a ruling Communist party official in the volatile Uygur Muslim majority Xinjiang province for not " daring" to smoke in front of local religious leaders, regarding it as a sign of timidity in fighting against extremism. However, some religious people force ordinary citizens also to comply with the requirements, a senior official who had been working in Xinjiang for years, told the paper.
An Assam court has issued an arrest warrant against Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal after he failed to appear before it in connection with a defamation case concerning his tweet on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
96 lakhs in an ambush late on Monday night. The BSF conducted the raid after receiving intelligence about movement of the consignment from across the border in Bangladesh into India. INDO- BANGLADESH BORDER- HUB OF FAKE CURRENCYThe raid comes just three days after the district police arrested a youth with fake currency notes worth Rs 1 lakh. 76 lakh have been seized from the Malda district til then.
You are ( our) guru. The temple and the monastery have been built only because of your blessings, " Thupten said, who is the in- charge of the monastery. We need you in the Northeast. INDIA- TIBET RELATION IS SPECIALDalai Lama talked abut the guru- chela relationship between India and Tibet. " . We share borders with countries like China and Myanmar. ALSO READ:
Even though the media has been having a field day reporting about SRK and Akshay' s rivalry, King Khan would have you believe otherwise. Firstly, we should get this correct. I am sure he is really open to it, " he said. It' s Dharma and SKF. They are different identities, they are film producers.
35 crore, including three residential houses in west Delhi. However, Kaushik is not an income- tax payer. AAP found ammunition to gun for the BJP on Monday after it emerged that the saffron party' s Inderpuri candidate for this month' s municipal polls, who was touted as a slum dweller and the face of the city' s urban poor, happens to be a millionaire. Tiwari, who was on a visit to the Inderpuri slums this New Year' s Eve, met the woman who came to the BJP president alleging that " politicians never listened to the problems of the poor" . Also Read: Ahead of MCD Polls, AAP slapped with another grievance by RWAs Her husband, Shashi Bhushan, also owns a house worth Rs 10 lakh.
The Khyber- Pakhtunkhwa- China Sustainable Donkey Development Programme worth Rs 1 billion ( USD 9. Peshawar, Apr 9 ( PTI) Pakistan is planning to sell donkeys to China after an investment of Rs 1 billion in its Donkey Development Programme, in a bid to attract Chinese investors in the northwestern Khyber- Pakhtunkhwa province. The Khyber- Pakhtunkhwa government will " develop linkages in order to improve prices of donkeys and enhance the income of breeders and traders, " it added.
There are 232 schools in four divisions in the district, all of whose positions for class four type employees amounts to 368. So, our teachers tell us to clean. And we do. " But the education department in defence says that they have been providing Rs 500 each month ( typically for 10 months) to every school that is facing crunch of sweepers.
Dharam ji will understand that. After Rekha- The Untold Story, Rishi Kapoor' s Khullam Khulla and Shatrughan Sinha' s Khamosh, the dancing queen of showbiz, who wore the crown of a bouffant accompanied by the winged- eyeliner, Asha Parekh, the pioneer of shimmying, is the latest celebrity to have divulged the secrets and celebrations of her life through her autobiography, penned by film critic and author Khalid Mohamed, titled The Hit Girl! Saira aunty, my Mom, Helen Aunty, Sadhna, all the girls have been so close to each other, something our girls these days should learn from them. We do not see that anymore. We have friends, but they were never not friends, " he said.
We also hear that the show will be produced in association with the creative director of TKSS, Preeti Simoes- - who is also rumoured to be the ex- girlfriend of Kapil Sharma. Apparently, all these people had witnessed Kapil and Sunil' s mid- air feud that happened en route Mumbai ( from Melbourne) last month around Holi. Also read: Sunil Grover to team up with Sunny Leone for his next project? Joining Sunil and Ali will be Sugandha Mishra who has been been an integral part of The Kapil Sharma Show. He has also been busy doing live events including the one he did in Delhi recently.
centres: Sharma Mathura ( UP) , Apr 10 ( PTI) Entry of members of management committees of schools within 200 metres of an examination centre has been banned to check cheating by students, Uttar Pradesh Deputy Chief Minister Dinesh Sharma said here today. " UP would be made free from copying/ cheating, " Sharma told reporters in Vrindavan. He said that payment of teachers according to their qualifications would be ensured in the private schools.
20 crore. Until now, it had constructed residential apartments only for its staff in Shastri Park, Yamuna Bank and Pushp Vihar. ? The flats will be allotted on the basis of a draw and people can apply as soon as we open the scheme. he added. influence zone?
When the ticket collector came in his coach to ask about the availability of a doctor, he did not volunteer. Moreover, he is not even a qualified doctor yet so he chose to remain silent. A woman, aged 22 or 23, was suffering from extreme labour pain. With the help of few other women, Khadse converted the compartment into a makeshift delivery room.
Visiting Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull today accompanied Prime Minister Narendra Modi on a metro ride in the national capital. The two heads of state arrived at the Mandi House metro station today afternoon and, after greeting the people at the station, proceeded to a board a Metro to the Akshardham Temple. twitter. PM Narendra Modi and Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull at Delhi' s Akshardham Temple pic.
India, however, claims that Kulbhushan Jadhav was abducted by Pakistan from Iran. Jadhav is married and has two children. He joined the Indian Navy in the year 1991. KULBHUSHAN JADHAV' S CONFESSION Pakistan produced a " video confession" in which Kulbhushan Jadhav could be seen narrating that he was a serving Indian Naval officer and that he was undercover in Pakistan as part of his work with RAW. KULBHUSHAN JADHAV' S BACKGROUND Kulbhushan Jadhav joined the Indian National Defence Academy in the year 1987.
Punjab minister Navjot Singh Sidhu has invited fresh trouble for his appearance on The Kapil Sharma Show. The advocate has also asked the chief secretary to apprise the chief miniter of the matter, as such obscenity is punishable under the Indian Penal Code. Arora also said that " it was unbecoming of the minister to use double meaning language on the show. "
The first rail freight service in the opposite direction, from China to the UK, arrived three months ago. REVIVING ANCIENT SILK ROAD TRADING ROUTES? DP World London Gateway, one of the UK' s largest logistics hubs, is designed and developed to ensure products can be both imported and exported from the UK via ship or train in a faster, safer and more reliable way than ever before, " the BBC quoted Bin Sulayem as saying on Sunday. " DP World chief executive Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem said it was a " significant trade occasion" . "
The ex- Indian Navy officer was arrested in March, 2016. The Pakistan Army even released a video in which Jadhav purportedly " confesses" to his " involvement" in terror activities in Balochistan at his country' s behest. KULBHUSHAN Jadhav has been sentenced to death by Kangroo Proceedings in Pakistan that no one even knows ever took placeGOI must get him backINDIA REJECTED PAKISTAN' S CHARGEJadhav, 46, was arrested by Pakistan police in Balochistan in March last year. FGCM found Kulbhushan Sudhir Jadhav guilty of all the charges, " the ISPR statement said.
Farmers from Tamil Nadu ran naked near the Prime Minister' s office today, to protest against lack of government assistance in their fight for a drought relief package for a state. The farmers, who have been protesting at Jantar Mantar for 28 days, wanted to drop off their memorandum at the Prime Minister' s Office. twitter. Most farmers have not earned anything to come through on these payments. The timing of government' s demonetisation move did not help either, as the prevailing cash crunch prevented farmers from tackling their farming expenses. 3.
According to quality of service norms, the complaint level should not be more than 0. 11 per cent and 0. The complaints in the case of Bharti Airtel mostly came from 2G pre- paid subscribers in Tamil Nadu ( including Chennai) , Kolkata, Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir, where the benchmark violation ranged between 0. Even in this category, the figure remained above this level for Aircel 2G in 11 out of the 22 telecom circles. 73 in the north- east circle.
Recently, her return to Mumbai sparked rumours of trouble in paradise. She is now a brand strategist and goes by the name Kimi Sharma ( her real name) . According to a report in DNA, Kim' s marriage is over because her husband left her for another woman. Rumour has it that Arjun and Shefalee have been living separately ever since she realised that her husband had lost all interest in her.
CLICK HERE TO WATCH VIDEOText exchanges between Bhupathi and Paes showed that Paes' claims of him guaranteed a place in the Davis Cup tie against Uzbekistan was false. He, to his credit, suggested that he would definitely come and contribute to try and take India back to the world group even if he was in the reserves, " Bhupathi told India Today in an exclusive chat. The main criteria for selection was form. 2. This is what I found unnecessary and disrespectful.
On this, no compromise. Tharoor campaigned for the Congress- led UDF candidate for the April 12 bypoll in Malappuram, Hassan said. Balakrishnan had said there are reports that four Congress leaders from Kerala are joining the BJP and that KPCC president M M Hassan had said that one of them was Tharoor. I deny them categorically and without qualification, " he said.
The Pakistan Maritime Security Agency ( PMSA) has apprehended 18 Indian fishermen and seized three boats off the Gujarat coast, an official said today. The captured boats had set sail from the coastal town of Porbandar a few days ago, Lodhari said. On March 26, PMSA had apprehended over 100 Indian fishermen and seized 19 boats near IMBL.
Briefing media in state capital, Assam' s Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that this is a draft population policy and that they have suggested that people having more than two children will not be eligible for any government jobs. " This is a draft population policy. We have suggested that people having more than two children will not be eligible for any government jobs, " Biswa Sarma said.
Los Angeles, Apr 8 ( PTI) Singer Adele has broken a record as her record " 21" has overtaken Carole Kings " Tapestry" by becoming the longest- charting album by a woman on the Billboard 200. The 28- year- old singer - who has four- year- old son Angelo with her husband Simon Konecki - topped the charts with the album in 2011, which has lead single " Someone Like You" , and its currently on its 319th week on the list, beating the legendary American artists by one week.
we have a zero tolerance policy on overcharging. in the last three months, these operators have been removed from our system and we are also imposing a penalty of Rs 10, 000 each on them, " UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey told PTI. . We got certain complaints where people were being inconvenienced and sometimes they were being asked for money. In more severe cases, FIRs have been filed. "
com/ TlTGYtWYwYRumour has it that while shooting for Aashiqui 2, love blossomed between Shraddha and Aditya offscreen too. RIP rumours. Both went blue in the face denying that they were ever in a relationship, but to no avail. # lastnight# chilltimespic.
The decision to give Akshay Kumar the Best Actor for Rustom over other contenders like Aamir Khan ( Dangal) and Manoj Bajpayee ( Aligarh) has been questioned, with many alleging that the jury headed by Priyadarshan was biased. Does that mean they are fools? He added, " What hurts is that in some statement the chairperson who I respect and whose films I have often enjoyed says that ' While watching films we realised that a lot of Bollywood movies were themed around homosexuality. I would. . pic.
No, we are not kidding. A natural mud spa! If the idea of mud grosses you out, a sign at the base of the site will solve your problem. Also Read: Check out India' s top luxury spa resorts
Pakistan has long been accused of state- sponsored terrorism, but authorities have always denied any involvement in the same. Now, Taapsee Pannu and Akshay Kumar' s spy thriller Naam Shabana has been stopped from playing in theatres, if a report in DNA is to be believed. But a day after the film released they woke up to the fact that the theme of terrorism could reflect badly on Pakistan. "
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath today stoked fresh controversy over national song, Vande Mataram. Not singing Vande Mataram is a serious issue, " Yogi Adityanath said. He said that in the 21st century, the issue of ' not singing Vande Mataram' should not be the most discussed topic. WHY YOGI SPOKE ABOUT VANDE MATARAMThe issue of Vande Mataram has come to the fore in Uttar Pradesh politics after objections were raised in a few municipal corporations in the state. The Samajwadi Party members opposed the BJP move.
@ SushmaSwaraj just a kind note to make you aware that the Consulate of India in Toronto is extremely difficult and unprofessional. It' s sad. . ð? ?
. A bar in Kerala has come up with an exceptional way to get around the new rule banning alcohol near highways. Reason? ?
He said the party is being ' victimised' and ' discriminated against' for taking on the ruling mafia and siding with the poor, and asserted the Aam Aadmi Party is ready to operate from the ' streets' . They want to finish us, they want to close AAP. People will teach them a lesson in the polls, " he said " Having an office is our right. It was allotted legally.
15 crore farmers totalling Rs 36, 359 crore. Yogi Adityanath cabinet decided to waive off loans worth over Rs 36, 000 crore in Uttar Pradesh. Gujarat Congress president Bharatsinh Solanki has said that if the party is voted to power, it will waive off the loans of all the farmers in the state. ALSO READ |
? Details of the film have been kept tightly under wraps, but Ishaan shared a few behind- the- scenes photographs on his Instagram account. ªA post shared by Ishaan Khatter ( @ ishaan95) on Apr 6, 2017 at 11: 04pm PDTTalking about his young leading hero, Majidi had said, " Ishaan is a wonderful boy. He is extremely talented and I feel, he will have a bright future in the film industry. "
When Prakash Jha was head of jury, Ajay Devgan won. But according to the rule book, only one film can be mentioned and Rustom was mentioned in the list. I have heard of all that and I will answer it in a simple way. Priyadarshan says regional films do not chase after box office numbers and that is why they are true to their stories and also give social messages. " This year saw the dominance of regional cinema at the National Film Awards with Marathi film Kasaav winning best feature film, Surabhi CM getting best actress and Rajesh Mapuskar being named best director for Marathi movie Ventilator. !
A day after Air India lifted the ban on Ravindra Gaikwad, the Federation of Indian Airlines, a group of major private carriers, also revoked its ban on the Shiv Sena Member of Parliament. The FIA counts Jet Airways, Go Air, IndiGo, JetLite and SpiceJet among its members. Gaikwad claimed Air India did not inform at the time of booking that his flight would not have business class seating. THE INCIDENTOn March 23, Gaikwad reached Delhi in an Air India flight and got into an argument with airline employees while his plane was still on the tarmac.
Following the cancellation of his trip to Sri Lanka after protests from Tamil groups, a meeting was arranged by a functionary of the Rajinikanth Fans Association, who said that Rajinikanth will be available from to the requests of his fans to pose for pictures with him. We realised it is difficult to take individual pictures so we planned for group photographs consisting of 8 members. Also starring Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar, Amy Jackson, Sudhanshu Pandey and Adil Hussain, 2. 0 will hit the screens on Diwali this year. Bankrolled by Lyca Productions, 2.
After winning the award, Ajay said in a statement, " I feel delighted that the prestigious 64th National Award for Best Visual Effects has been awarded to our very own Naveen Paul of NYVFXWALA for our film Shivaay. " This indeed is a well deserved win, " said the statement. The film released on Diwali last year alongside Karan Johar' s Ae Dil Hai Mushkil.
systemic compensation disparities? s lawsuit. ? . s discrimination claims against Google at the Friday hearing while making the case for why the company should be forced to comply with the DoL? Marc Pilotin, a DoL attorney, said: ? overbroad? politically motivated? com
? said an officer. Police have informed the German embassy and are probing if the rickshaw puller was involved in other such cases. Narwal said.
The prime property is located in Goa' s Candolim and had become legendary for the parties that the high- flying Mallya threw at the villa. The Times of India further added that Joshi paid slightly more than the property' s previous reserve price of Rs 73 crore and that SBI chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya had confirmed the sale took place. 29 crore, then Rs 81 crore and finally Rs 73 crore previously failed.
Afghanistan' s cricketers will play at Lord' s for the first time in July after being granted a fixture against the MCC. I am thrilled that we will be welcoming Afghanistan to Lord' s this summer, " MCC president Matthew Fleming said.
UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric announced on Friday that she would focus on promoting girls' education worldwide and would be officially designated at a ceremony on Monday. The 19- year- old was campaigning for the right of all children to education in northwest Pakistan when she was severely wounded in a Taliban assassination attempt. Other messengers of peace include actors Michael Douglas and Leonardo DiCaprio, primatologist Jane Goodall and musicians Daniel Barenboim and Yo- Yo Ma.
Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI) in an announcement said that it has been awarded its largest defence contract of almost USD 2 billion for supplying advanced medium- range surface- to- air missile systems ( MRSAM) to India. The contract is worth USD 1. You have come such a long way to arrive at this point, it is truly exceptional, " Rivlin told IAIs CEO. " The current contracts represent an enormous expression of confidence by the government of India in IAIs capabilities and advanced technologies, which are being developed with our local partners as part of the Indian governments Make in India policy, " IAI Chief Executive Officer ( CEO) Joseph Weiss said in a statement.
OnePlus is in trouble now. The new television ad campaign of OnePlus 3T is shot in a Kaun Banega Crorepati format, where the show host, Amitabh Bachchan is shown asking a question related to the best smartphone of the country to the contestant. However, as per company policy, we are unable to discuss any ongoing legal matters, " says OnePlus in an email statement. OnePlus takes intellectual property very seriously.
However, a picture of the 19- year- old chilling with actor Ranveer Singh has surfaced on social media, and boy, she has grown up to be quite the beauty. Her father, Sachin Tendulkar, and said that there was no truth to this and that he was annoyed with all the baseless reports doing the rounds. My daughter Sara is enjoying her academic pursuits.
The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation on Monday issued guidelines to the Swachh Bharat Gramin Mission and all the states affirming that the transsexual community should be allowed to use the public toilets of the gender they wish to. Wherever suitable, their support can be enlisted in engaging communities, and their efforts duly recognised and honoured to break any stigma around them and also to enable them to use facilities without any embarrassment, " the circular said. According to a Reuters report:
But it all changed for Akshay Kumar on Friday afternoon ( April 7) when he won the national award for Best Actor for Rustom. I donâ? He added that he had a fantastic 2016 but it seems there was more to come his way. " ? pic. Kuch toh aaye. "
The woman, whose identity has not been revealed, and a group of her friends were walking on the catwalk underneath the bridge when she tried to take a selfie and fell 60 feet onto a trail below, the sheriffs office said. This young lady is very lucky to be alive and the consequences could have been worse for her, her friends and her family, " the Placer County Sheriffs Office wrote on its Facebook page. She was airlifted to Sutter Roseville Medical Center for treatment. The bridges off- limits underbelly seems to be a popular, but dangerous spot for social media posting.
invented pretext? of Tuesday? 52am BST 06: 52  Iran has condemned the US missile strike on Syria, Associated Press reports: Foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi said the ? . multiple conversations? 31am BST 06: 31  Shaun WalkerThe Guardian? 7. A Downing Street spokeswoman said: The UK government fully supports the US action, which we believe was an appropriate response to the barbaric chemical weapons attack launched by the Syrian regime, and is intended to deter further attacks. Turnbull said the US had not asked for more military support, but he left open the possibility of providing it in the future: There is no question that this shocking conflict in Syria is crying out itself for a resolution and we certainly will continue to work with our allies and our partners to see a resolution to this shocking war. Vladimir Safronkov, Russia? 56am BST 05: 56  Russia is waking up to news of the strike ?
The politicians of the secular brigade are the ones who have fuelled this by teasing Hindus into a state where they might react, " VHP leader Surendra Jain said. " HINDUS ARE ANGRY, SAYS JAINThe Hindu community is in anger, Jain said, and that it could express itself in spontaneous ways that we do not have control over. " The Muslim community is entirely responsible for such incidents where the two communities clash over the cow. Muslims are Christians have desecrated Hindu gods and goddesses and have written such denigrating documents against Ram and Krishna and Kali to fill halls at end, " Jain added.
The decision comes days after the Yogi Adityanath government decided not to distribute some 60 lakh ration cards printed by the previous Akhilesh Yadav government. Mukhyamantri yojna will be used now, " Uttar Pradesh cabinet minister Siddharth Nath Singh told reporters in Lukno after a marathon meeting which continued till 1 am today. But, the Yogi Adityanath government has decided to roll back all the ration cards having Yadav' s photographs. The next Cabinet meeting is scheduled for April 11.
We examined it and found that it was not in accordance with regulatory framework, so we advised them to stop it, " Telecom Regulatory Authority of India ( Trai) Chairman R S sharma told PTI. The regulator yesterday asked Mukesh Ambani- led Reliance Jio to withdraw the three- month complimentary offer of unlimited data usage and free calls on payment of a minimum Rs 303.
The Indian cricket board ( BCCI) contends it stands to lose as many as 330$ upwards in the revised distribution model for 2015- 23 period passed at the last ICC meet. That' s rubbish in my opinion. You have to remember that it is a small pool when it comes to international cricket as opposed to soccer which is huge when it comes to revenue matters. So let us not forget these things, " he added.
Rahman, who participated in a panel discussion here on " Creativity in Innovation, " alongside fellow Oscar winner Resul Pookutty, said his only aim was to practice and learn music. " The day I realized that music would be my passion and future was when I went to my studio that had no equipment. " I didnt care about opportunities. " If you are good enough, people will come to you.
Last week, the state Cabinet had decided to appoint a cabinet sub- committee to study the draft of the amendment bill to revoke the ban on bullock- cart racing. Also read: Maharashtra govt to introduce bill to restart bullock cart racingExclusive: Maharashtra govt to seek legal opinion on lifting ban on bullock cart racesWATCH THE VIDEO: According to the Maharashtra amendment sec 28 ( 2) organising bullock cart races to follow and promote tradition and culture will not be an offense. According to the amendment, any person found guilty of injuring or causing harm to the animal shall be punished with three years imprisonment or a fine of upto Rs 5 lakh.
CMD ki kya aukaat hai ki social media par ek saansad ka apmaan kar rahe ho? Gaikwad tendered an apology to Parliament but insisted that he owed no apology to the airline officials as he sought removal of the ban imposed on him by domestic airlines. " During the Zero Hour, there were unruly scenes with Shiv Sena members protesting against the ban and even thumping the desk of Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju in anger and did not let him leave. , " he said adding that they did not want to disturb the proceedings of the parliament. . Air India flights will operate smoothly in Mumbai and Pune.
Senior advocate K K Venugopal, appearing for the BJP leaders, told the Supreme Court that his clients were ready to face conspiracy charges if the CBI can adduce evidence against them in Raebareli. " Veteran Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) leaders LK Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi have agreed to face conspiracy charges in Babri mosque demolition case even as the Supreme Court reserved its verdict today. Altogether, 13 persons including Advani, Joshi and Bharti were discharged of conspiracy charge in the case, the trial of which is being held at a special court in Raebareli. ( With inputs from PTI) WATCH: Ayodhya dispute: Five creative solutions to the Ram Mandir- Babri Masjid standoffALSO READ:
( Also Read:   IPL' s success has been shared around by all the teams: Viv Richards to India Today) " When you have an arrogant administrative unit, guys are going to pick and choose, " Richards told ESPNcricinfo in an interview. " They are not. " From Friday, West Indies host Pakistan in a three- ODI series that could prove crucial to their hopes of an automatic World Cup berth but most of their best players will be taking part in the Indian Premier League ( IPL) . But when you get an administration who thinks that they are the most important entity where West Indies cricket is concerned, they better wake up. "
Mumbai, Apr 6 ( PTI) Asha Parekhs versatility helped her feature in films of diverse genres in the 1960s but the veteran actress says being on top is often lonesome and there was a phase where she went into depression. I was totally alone and I had to manage everything all alone. I lost my parents. It is lonesome. Then I got out of it.
Reportedly, just before performing at a concert in Manila, Philippines, Martin went to meet Ken Valiant Santiago- - a fan suffering from stage 4 cancer who could not attend the band' s gig owing to his medical condition. Ever since it rose to the pedestal it is at today, Coldplay has kept its legion of fans intact. Well, according to Mashable, it was due to an open letter Ken' s brother, Kheil, wrote to the band.
Zunum Aero, founded by Ashish Kumar three years ago in Kirkland, Washington is working to develop a an electric hybrid aircraft with potential for performance and efficiency improvements in a range of aerospace applications. " The startup intends to use the financing to further develop its proposed regional aircrafts that hold 10 to 50 passengers for flights up to 1, 000 miles. We have been engaged with both companies for about a year, and both are as passionate as we are in this opportunity to reinvent regional air travel, " Kumar said. Boeing said it made the investments in the startup through the ventures arm of a new group called Boeing HorizonX, an innovation cell focused on accelerating potentially transformative aerospace technologies, manufacturing innovations and emerging business models.
Very few travellers are aware of Keibul Lamjao, which is the only floating national park in the world. Most of us have heard about the iconic Loktak Lake, located in Bishnupur district, at a distance of 53km from Imphal. But that is not all that this lake has. Also read: 10 wildlife destinations in India you must visit this winter
Kalra? Doctors treating her at a private hospital said on Thursday evening that she was stable and managed to speak though a blood clot was detected in her brain. 15pm on Wednesday. At 7. ? But the caller had not witnessed the attack, ? said Bhatia.
Jis tarah ki ghatna pesh ki ja rahi hai, aisi koi ghatna zameen par nahi hui hai: Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi in RS on Rajasthan' s Alwar incident pic. Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, responding to the Alwar gau rakshak attack, said that no such incident, as was reported by the media, took place. The minister then went on to say that " the kind of incident that is being talked about never took place on ground" . twitter. Shocking breakdown of law and order in Alwar" .
Shiv Sena is all set to create ruckus in Parliament on Thursday to push for its demand to revoke the flying ban against its MP Ravindra Gaikwad. The chartered flight by which Gaikwad flew in to Delhi is believed to have been provided by another Shiv Sena MP Rajkumar Dhoot. It seems the BJP is, rightly so, avoiding backing the Shiv Sena on an issue that has evoked so much nationwide outrage. Despite trying hard to get the government to lift the travel ban, Sena has not found any success yet. In fact, the party began defending his action soon after.
The team used a state- of- the- art greenhouse gas analyser based on laser absorption technology, called Off- Axis Integrated Cavity Output Spectroscopy ( OA- ICOS) . They visited the site over the course of one growing season - April to December. Soils are providing an environmental service of sequestering this potent greenhouse gas, but the trunks are releasing methane equivalent to 4 per cent of what could be captured by CWD and soils at the ecosystem scale, " he said. We believe our work can help fill in some gaps in methane budgets and environmental processes in global ecosystem models, " said Rodrigo Vargas assistant professor in UD. "
According to the jail manual, convicts are allowed to be visited between 11 and 5pm. Sasikala Natarajan who is cooling her heels in the Bengaluru central prison has till date seen 27 visits by various people in the 31 days she has been lodged there. 9234 Sasikala, convict No. 9235 Elavarasi and No.
17 lakh towards settlement charges to regulator Sebi. As a result, Indian Continent Investments shareholding in Bharti Aitel crossed 5 per cent on April 29, 2008, requiring it to make necessary disclosures under PIT ( Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations. In a settlement order passed today, Sebi said it is disposing of " the adjudication proceedings initiated against the noticee ( Indian Continent Investment) .
Before rumours of Shraddha Kapoor' s liaison with Farhan Akhtar, it was her alleged ' aashiqui' with Aditya Roy Kapur that was the talk of the town. As soon as Shraddha got a wind of it, she jumped in to control the damage. Shraddha was clicked outside Farhan' s house on Tuesday evening.
In February, the Supreme Court had set aside the Karnataka High Court judgment of May 2015 which had acquitted Sasikala Natarajan and former Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa. The Supreme Court had upheld the trial court' s judgment convicting Sasikala in the 21- year- old disproportionate assets case. In its review petition to the Supreme Court, the Karnataka government had said that apex court' s decision to abate proceedings against late Jayalalithaa was an " error apparent on the face of record" . ALSO READ: Sasikala convicted in DA case, she must serve remaining jail term, rules Supreme Court
New Delhi, Apr 5 ( PTI) Newcomer Jios 72 million paid customers are " credit positive" for parent Reliance Industries as subscriber enrolment reduces cash flow uncertainty of the telecom business, Moodys Investors Service said today. 7 trillion ( Rs 1, 70, 000 crore) over the last six years. " Also, it has announced that all Prime members who subscribe to higher value plans ( Rs 303 and above) will enjoy complimentary services for three months and that subscribers will only be charged for services from July. " .
Russia hopes to learn from " India' s experience" of conducting polls through EVMs, ahead of the 2018 presidential election, according to a report in The Economic Times. Russia' s interest in EVMs comes at a time when India' s Opposition leaders have expressed grave concerns regarding EVM tampering. Also read: Many countries have banned EVMs since they can rig elections Meanwhile, in a move to return the favour, Russia will assist India in developing a " state- of- the- art tabulation system" for counting of votes. These machines will become inoperable the moment someone attempts to tamper with them.
Polanski' s plea was heard on Monday, reports variety. com. His attorneys have said that judge Laurence Rittenband engaged in misconduct by revoking on a pledge not to sentence Polanski to prison time, the website said. In a 13- page ruling, judge Scott Gordon found that Polanski cannot put the case behind him so long as he refuses to return to the US and submit to the court' s jurisdiction. "
I dont think anybody in the world would have attempted and completed such a mass mission, a six- way merger of such a magnitude, " she said. 24 per cent from 2. 26 per cent. 19 per cent and net NPA to 8. It can be noted that while SBI contained its bad loans in the December quarter most of the five associates saw the same soaring. 03 per cent.
What is happening is Delhi is unfortunate, " he said. Former Congress MP Sandeep Dikshit has launched a frontal attack on colleagues Ajay Maken and PC Chacko accusing them of running the Delhi unit of the party like a " business house" . He seconded party leader Arvinder Singh Lovely' s charge that Maken does not take the calls of not just the party workers but also of the leaders. He tweeted, " Congress tickets to the youth, Arjuna Awardee, national sportsperson and MBBS rank holdersâ?
The intel input was about three ISIS terrorists trying to gain access to the city via sea route. The Mumbai city has been put on alert after the Indian Coast Guard sent a fax to Mumbai Police and other security agencies on Monday regarding an attempt of infiltration. All security agencies are now verifying the information and working to rule out any such attempt.
Her sister- in- law, Heena Fatima, who is married to Usman' s elder brother, Syed Fayazuddin, went through a divorce in a similar manner six months ago. ' Hussain Quraishi sent her a Whatsapp message saying ' talaq' three times. TRIPLE TALAQ IS CRUEL' Observing that the judicial conscience is ' disturbed' , the Allahabad High Court in December, 2016, held that triple talaq is ' cruel' and raised a question whether the Muslim Personal law could be amended to alleviate the sufferings of Muslim women. ALSO READ:
According to IBT, Karthikeyan consumed poison with cold drinks. Reports also suggest that Karthikeyan, who owned a gym, blamed his father- in- law for his suicide. Popularly known as ' Mynaa' , Nandhini rose to fame after appearing in Vijay TV' s Saravanan Meenakshi serial.
Following the male nurse' s advice, the family took the new born for the burial. Not only that, deliveries being done in the absence of doctors raises many questions about the functioning of the hospital. When the deputy superintendent saw a ruckus, he went on to defend the nurse and said that since the child is born weak, there are hardly any chances of survival. However, the family members believe that if immediately after delivery the infant would have been shifted to the ICU then her health would not have deteriorated.
Interestingly there was snowfall in Tawang from the past three days and the locals were praying for the weather to improve for his arrival. . Enroute to Bomdila with @ SudhanshuBJP Ji. Arunachal Chief Minister Pema Khandu and senior BJP leader Sudhanshu Mittal also accompanied him on the route. pic.
15 crore farmers. With inputs from Balkrishna ALSO READ:   Yogi Adityanath' s first interview after taking charge of UP, says Ayodhya issue should be resolved through talksYogi Adityanath gives Uttar Pradesh' s bureaucracy the jitters In order to bring them back into the mainstream, their outstanding dues of Rs 5, 630 crore have also been written off. They also said that it could be difficult to handle the burden of loan waiver in a single financial year and that was one of the reasons to put the cabinet meeting on hold till a way was found to honour the prime minister' s poll promise.
In an interview to The Hindustan Times he said that he " would be honoured" to be a moderator. " India has opposed external involvement in bilateral issues with Pakistan. The US is concerned about the state of India- Pakistan relations and President Donald Trump himself may get involved in a peace process between the two South Asian antagonists, Nikki Haley, the US Permanent Representative to the UN said on Monday. " I think if they wanted me to, I would love to be the mediator or arbitrator. "
s works. s artworks and techniques in detail but also read up on his life and struggle, which in itself is an inspiration for any budding artist. s famous works such as Starry Night, Sunflowers and others. Jehaan Mehta? ? adds Silvia.
( sic) " My dear lady, who are you and why are u lying. pic. Her words made it appear like Hrithik and Angela share some special bond and as such the publication compared Angela to Kites actor Barbara Mori " who he ( Hrithik) then took under his wing. " Later, I I even sent him the first look and trailer of my upcoming film Rogue and he was impressed, " Angela added. He also inquired about the maker and assured me that this film would definitely take me places, " Angela said.
Success doesnt teach you anything. But if you count the number of flops that I am proud of, they are several in numbers, " he adds. Failures, rejections, they make you the man that you are. In my life, Ive mostly seen rejections and failures and flops.
Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Tejaswi Yadav today launched a scathing attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi urging him to speak the truth on the occasion of Ram Navami. Respected PM, at least on the auspicious occasion of Ram Navami today, please speak the truth on when implementation will start on your poll promise of providing jobs to 2 crore youths every year? " Tejashwi' s remark came in response to Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s tweet greeting people on Ram Navami. " , ? Tejaswi asked. Reminding PM Modi of his election promise that he made during 2014 Lok Sabha elections campaigning, Tejaswi asked when will he start implementing his ambitious plans. " ? In fact last month, when Bihar celebrated its foundation day on March 22, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had greeted the people of the state. https: / / t. co/ hP6aiYeZadThis is not the first time that Tejaswi has directed his jibe at PM Modi. However, Lalu Prasad' s minister son had criticised the PM describing PM tweet as " hollow greeting" . ALSO READ:
Many could not even digest her bold move of applying for the force. Yashini attempted to achieve a next to impossible goal by applying to become a police officer even after being fully aware of that the in police force is alleged filled with male chauvinism. But citing discrepancy an internal unofficial inquiry was conducted following which her name was cleared. Yashini, then underwent physical and police officer training and on March 31 she passed out of the Tamil Nadu Police Academy at Vandalur.
Morning walkers on the beach of temple town Puri were in for a shock on Monday when they discovered the body of a dead whale that had been swept ashore by the waves. ( Earlier visuals) pic. ( With inputs from Mohd Suffian) A 32- feet- long whale carcass found on Odisha' s Puri beach near Panthanivas earlier today. twitter.
order. However, insiders say that the developers are ready to take the risk as there is no other way for them to avoid the ban. Children and elders can? ? The bar/ pub owners in Sector 29 also want HUDA to block entry to one of the roads so that the motorable distance can be increased.
There are too many ICC tournaments. I go and meet anyone on the street and am asked ' kitna World Cup hai yaar' ( how many World Cups are there) , ' World Champion hai kaun' ( who is the World Champion) , which is a fact. World Cup, T20, Test cricket are fine. You have both the Champions Trophy and the World Cup. I do not have a clue and I have broadcast ( commentated) in all of them.
The election petition has to be filed within 45 days. In a press statement today, the EC called the allegations of Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Congress as " baseless" and clarified that VVPAT machines are not required by the law to be retained in strong room for the purpose of election petition and are available for use in any other election. The Commission would like to clarify that in any election a certain percentage of EVMs and VVPAT machines are kept in reserve so that EVMs and VVPAT machines deployed on the poll day can be replaced, if required. " Aspersions have also been cast on EC that EVMs from Uttar Pradesh were moved to Bhind, Madhya Pradesh. It has been alleged that EVMs as per law cannot be taken out for 45 days from the date of declaration of results but still EVMs for the by- polls in the Madhya Pradesh were taken out and shifted from Uttar Pradesh where the results have been declared on March 11, 2017 and hence the 45 days period is still not over. " Also Read: EVM software is bugged, dare Election Commission to reveal its name to us: Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal
I do not understand why it is a surprise at all. However, the actor recently opened up on casting couch saying that it is not a myth, at least in Malayalam industry. You know it, I know it, I am sure a lot of people know it. Parvathy has often been referred as Lady Prithviraj.
Answering a question, Yadav said that this issue has suddenly gained prominence again after the victory of BJP in UP and the petition filed by BJP leader Subramanian Swamy in the apex court for an expedited hearing on the dispute. He said he was not informed of the coalition between SP and Congress and when he was informed, he opposed it but Akhilesh did not pay heed to his objections. He said that the SP lost despite so many good deeds it did in Uttar Pradesh and the primary reason for that was the internal clash in the party where people were backstabbing each other to gain prominence. Yadav had arrived in the Mainpuri district of Agra division where he was expressing his pain to his supporters. The defeat in Assembly elections was a result of that.
A ' Mahagathbandhan' ( Grand Alliance) of non- BJP parties is needed at the national level to defeat the BJP in the 2019 Lok Sabha polls, Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said on Monday. The Janata Dal- United leader told the media that a " Mahagathbandhan" would prove successful in the next parliamentary polls. " Also read:
Pai argued that at a time when the salary for entry level software engineers had not been raised in the IT industry in India for the past seven years, it is totally wrong to hike the compensation for top- level executives. " 5 crore or Rs 4 crore. . The fundamental error was increasing CEOs salary from USD 7 million to 11 million without any justification, " Pai further said. Performance is not spectacular. I cannot be paid one- tenth of what CEO is being paid, " he said. "
India took no action to prevent violence against Africans. Calling the attacks " xenophobic and racial" , the envoys said they expect strong condemnation and action from India. " At least two incidents of attacks on Nigerian students were reported from Greater Noida last Monday following the death of a Class 12 student, who allegedly died of drug overdose.
When singer- actor Suchitra leaked a private photo of actors Rana Daggubati and Trisha Krishnan having an intimate moment, netizens went into a tizzy. While Suchitra claimed that her account was hacked, the actors themselves did not comment on the issue. He later told IndiaToday. in exclusively, " It' s you guys ( the media) who made a big deal out of it, but I really do not give a sh* t. There were so many pictures.
I am pained. What is my use if they are unable to understand me, " Walia said, adding, " I will now sit at home and work. Congress has fielded majority of first timers in the elections giving preference to youth over experience and also factoring winnability. The leader, who represented Laxmi Nagar constituency in his last stint as an MLA, enjoys a massive support in  East Delhi.
Earlier in March, pirates had seized control of a Somali fishing boat to use as a base from which to attack larger ships, a week after Somali pirates hijacked their first commercial vessel since 2012. Ten Yemeni crew aboard the boat were dumped on shore. In their heyday in 2011, Somali pirates launched 237 attacks off the coast of Somalia, data from the International Maritime Bureau showed, and held hundreds of hostages.
The logic of Romeo squad would criminalise this. Didn' t intend to hunt ( hurt) sentiments. " He has to give ( a) written apology for this. " Meanwhile, Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party spokesperson Tejinder Bagga said he has written to the police asking for a case to be filed against Bhushan under IPC sections 153( a) and 295. Since Lord Krishna was a " legendary Eve- teaser, " will Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath - who has unleashed ' anti- Romeo' squads in a crackdown on sexual harassment - have " the guts" to call these teams " AntiKrishna squads" ?
According to the police, the jawan was about to board a flight to Delhi when during luggage check, the two grenades were confiscated from his bag. An Army jawan carrying 2 grenades in his bag has been arrested by police at Srinagar International Airport. The jawan has been identified as Bhopal Mukhiya of JAK Rifles, is posted in the Uri sector. These grenades are not explosive- laden as they are only used for training purposes. "
In April last year, the Centre had said that farmers in Bundelkhand will get Rs 1, 304 crore for drought relief under National Disaster Relief Fund ( NDRF) . The UP Chief Minister said that Budelkhand was constinuously ignored in the last 15 years and no steps had been taken to ensure the wholistic development of the region. The CM also decided that the National Rural Livelihood Mission will be intensified and would be extended to all the blocks for alternative sources of income, construction of water tanks and building of dug wells and farm ponds on a priority basis under various projects and schemes for Bundelkhand. The train was sent from Madhya Pradeshs Ratlam district for the drought- hit Bundelkhand on the instruction of Railway Board, days after a similar arrangement was made for Latur in Maharashtra.
25 lakh per month, respectively. The " basic pay of the Governor and Deputy Governors" have been revised retrospectively with effect from January 1, 2016 and marks a huge jump from Rs 90, 000 basic pay so far drawn by the Governor and Rs 80, 000 for his deputies. 5 lakh and Rs 2. 70 lakh. Rajan assumed RBI governorship from September 5, 2013 at a monthly salary of Rs 1. 04 lakh in January 2016.
While most other BJP- led governments have been unequivocal in their support to measures that ban the sale and consumption of cow meat, one of the party' s candidates in Kerala is making headlines for luring voters with the promise of " good beef" if elected. His comments were in reaction the Yogi Adityanath government' s drive to strictly enforce Uttar Pradesh' s ban on cow slaughter, even as a BJP member in Nagaland said that a ban on beef like the one in UP would not be enacted in the north- eastern state if the party came to power. The BJP' s hypocrisy is that cow is mummy in Uttar Pradesh and yummy in the Northeast, " Owaisi said. Om Saturday, Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh said that anyone found committing cow slaughter should be hanged.
Shruthi Basapa had undergone an abdominal surgery two weeks ago. Reacting to Shruthi' s Facebook post, the Facebook account of Frankfurt airport said that such a practice was not part of the standard protocol, according to an NDTV report. " I was taken into a room and was asked to lift my dress/ take it off so that I could be checked to make sure I was not ' carrying anything under my clothes' " , she wrote in her Facebook post. I am shocked to hear that. We would appreciate your detailed feedback. What happened exactly?
A visit to The Wine Company at DLF Cyber Hub, Gurgaon, turned foul for three young men, who now claim they were brutally thrashed by the bouncers here for no good reason. After this ' assault' Jalan said his friends where " dragged" out of the restaurant to the DLF CyberHub' s promenade, and left there, when one of his friends called the police. WHAT DOES THE WINE COMPANY HAVE TO SAY? In a Facebook post shared on Thursday, The Wine Company responded to the incident saying that they have " thoroughly investigated the matter" and come to the conclusion that it was the customers ( Jalan' s friends) who were " misbehaving" at the restaurant. Here is a screenshot of Zomato' s mail to Jalan:
The issue was discussed threadbare at a high- level meeting on Thursday attended by senior officials of the ministries of finance and home, including Union Home Secretary Rajiv Mehrishi. The officials said the change of security features of currency notes in every 3- 4 years will lead to curbing of counterfeiting to a great extent. The newly introduced notes had no additional security features and were similar to those in the old Rs 1, 000 and Rs 500 notes, officials said. Besides, the motif of Chandrayaan, the Swachh Bharat logo and the year of printing had been copied on the reverse side.
From Sajjad Hussain Islamabad, Apr 1 ( PTI) Pakistans former interior minister Rehman Malik today fell for a April Fools Day prank when he reacted to a fake news story about naming of Islamabads new airport after Chinese President Xi Jinping. The Express Tribune early today ran a story as an April Fools Day prank on its website that the government has decided to name a new airport in the capital after the Chinese leader.
New Delhi, Apr 1 ( PTI) Union minister Harsh Vardhan today took a jibe at Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal over his attack on EVMs and said for the AAP leader the voting machines means Everyone Votes ( for) Modiji. ? ( sic) , " he tweeted.
We are alive and kicking, and have learnt a lot from the merger. The board of the bank last week decided to raise over Rs 5, 300 crore by diluting 3. Do you think we are fatigued? Kotak also made a strong pitch for having norms on " bank mortality" , underlining that not all the players who enter due to liberal rules cant make it commercially, and should thus be given exit options. " We are open to change that is bold and that can be game- changing in the financial services industry, " he said, but quickly added that there is nothing to announce now. You just cant take it for granted, " he said.
Come May, and Karnataka Tourism will host its first- ever surfing festival. In a bid to dub Karnataka as a tourist hub, the state' s tourism ministry is introducing a set of recreational activities that can be enjoyed by those interested.
BJP MP from Begusarai, Bhola Singh has stirred a controversy with his comments when he said that every person living in the country is a Hindu, whatever faith or religion they may be following. The step taken by the new govt in Uttar Pradesh is courageous and the new Chief Minister is a " Yoddha" . The MP said that he was against killing of animals. He even joined another controversial and fellow MP Shatrughan Sinha in slamming the party for Bihar electoral defeat.
From K J M Varma Beijing, Mar 31 ( PTI) China will launch a network of 156 mini- satellites to facilitate global broadband coverage as part of the countrys effort to give a wider push for commercial space development. Low orbit helps avoid signal delay and satellite communication services with frequencies from 26. 5 to 40 hertz improve Internet access.
Recently, there were reports of trouble in paradise and it was being said that a high- spirited Sonakshi had let it slip that she was single at the Badrinath Ki Dulhania success bash. log toh kahenge. . logon ka kaam hai kehna, " she said.
Joe Root was appointed as his replacement, with the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB) almost immediately announcing the decision. " The 34- year- old will play for Lancashire in the County Championship, in a bid to get match fit after sustaining a shoulder injury during England' s tour of India last year. From a personal point of view I would have seriously thought about it, but from the outside looking in I would have thought: is this actually where the team needs to go - with a 34- year- old as captain? " Anderson, who is a veteran of 122 Tests and England' s all- time leading wicket- taker, pointed out that most of the fast bowling captains he had known have been pretty successful and was thus surprised why more fast bowlers are not given the opportunity to do it. "
Adityanath had earlier expressed dissatisfaction over the progress of the Akhilesh Yadav government' s Gomti riverfront project. Adityanath was unhappy that although two years had lapsed, and over Rs 1, 427 crore had been spent, only 60 per cent of the work was complete, an official release said. LINK RIVERFRONT AND NAMAMI GANGE PROJECT: ADITYANATH Adityanath had asked officials to link the project with the Centre' s Namami Gange project and start working to plug the drains discharging sewage into the river. He' d also directed the principal secretaries of all the departments to review project works and check unnecessary expenditure, besides ensuring the completion of works in a " qualitative" manner.
This move came after a private financial institution YT Capital Pvt Ltd petitioned the Bombay High Court against the film' s producer Anjum Rizvi and has also made T- series, the film' s co- producer, a party. The court noted that " an Agreement for co- production dated 22nd September 2014 made it clear that the Decree Holder ( YT Capital) would not only have a lien on the previous films but all future feature films or television serials of Rizvi and that these would not be released or distributed till the debt was paid. " The company also wants the court to pass an order restraining Rizvi from selling or creating any third party rights whatsoever in the negatives of his previously released seven films - John Day, India Metro, A Flat, Fast Forward, A Wednesday, Ahista Ahista, Charges: A Joint Effort as well. The film Maatr, starring Raveena Tandon, Alisha Khan and Madhur Mittal is about a mother whose daughter is raped and dies, while the mother carries on with her fight to get justice.
The Yogi Adityanath government of Uttar Pradesh will not distribute the some 60 lakh ration cards printed by the Akhilesh Yadav government. But, the Yogi Adityanath government has decided to roll back all the ration cards having photographs of Akhilesh Yadav. The ration cards could not be distributed as Model Code of Conduct came into force before the Akhilesh government could give away to the beneficiaries. These ration cards will have barcode.
The move is likely to disrupt the supplies of commodities and it could lead to a spike in prices of essential goods. " We have no alternative but to go ahead with the strike. The South India Motor Transport Association had already gone for the indefinite strike from Thursday and now ACOGOA joined the protest. The fight for justice by truckers of India will continue till IRDAI reverses its proposal to third party insurance premium hike, " Federation of West Bengal Truck Operators' Association' s ( FWBTOA) joint secretary Sajal Ghosh said.
FIFA has completed a 22- month internal inquiry into allegations of high- level corruption and criminal misconduct that buffeted world football and handed its report to Swiss authorities, soccer' s ruling body said on Friday. " Some of the suspects have pleaded guilty and await sentencing, others face trial and some are in their native countries where they are fighting, or have avoided, extradition. ? s close and consistent cooperation" .
" No father had made his son the CM during his own lifetime. I have never been insulted so much, " Mulayam Singh said. Mulayam Singh Yadav said, " One who betrayed his father, cannot be a friend of others. After morale- breaking drubbing in Uttar Pradesh Assembly election, the question of who controls the Samajwadi Party might have become irrelevant for some time, but the bitterness between party founder father Mulayam Singh and SP president Akhilesh Yadav continues.
This week, Nagaland BJP chief Visasolie Lhoungu told the Hindustan Times, " Ban on cow slaughter like the one in UP will not take effect in Nagaland if our party comes to power next year. The reality here is very different and our central leaders are aware of that. " The Uttar Pradesh government has also taken strict action against abbatoirs operating illegally and without a license.
Listing out the achievements of his dispensation, the AAP chief said his government has halved power tariff in the city and provided free water to Delhites, but the BJP and the Congress would not allow it to continue if they win the polls. " By holding a rally in Burari, the party is trying to woo Purvanchali voters and give out the message that these voters are still with it. These both departments were with MCD before 1998, " Kejriwal told the gathering. We have sent government teachers abroad for training and have been providing free medicines.
Lucknow, Mar 31 ( PTI) The Yogi Adityanath government in Uttar Pradesh today banned any strike by employees in state universities and colleges till June 30 under the stringent Essential Services Maintenance Act ( ESMA) . ESMA gives police the powers to arrest, without a warrant, anybody violating the Acts provisions.
With Akshay Kumar announcing the release of his Toilet: Ek Prem Katha on the same day as Shah Rukh Khan' s next directed by Imtiaz Ali, the Independence Day weekend is going to witness another gigantic box office clash. I love how you go after all that f* * * with you. KARTAM BHUKTAM on Independence Day. "
5% in this financial year, but on other hand a shocking statistics were presented by Health Minister Deepak Sawant while answering one of the queries asked by Congress leader Bhai Jagtap on malnutrition. Reacting to this news, Women and Child Development Minister Pankaja Munde said that " We need to draw some special scheme for this. The court was also informed that 283 persons had died in Melghat region during 2015- 16 and additional 83 from January 2016 to July 2016. In that case, one of the petitioners showed the court a reply received through the Right to Information ( RTI) Act which said over 17, 000 persons, including women and children, had died due to malnutrition in the state in the last one year.
collected by various Ministries/ Departments. . This revelation comes just weeks after the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI) - the organization that handles the Aadhar project - refuted reports claiming that that Aadhaar data had been breached, and that biometrics were misused for creation of parallel databases. Sakshi tagged Law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in her tweets, forcing him to take prompt action.
A small matter of 1, 316 runs have come from his bat this season and Pujara will be the most critical for Virat when India start travelling outside of the sub- continent. " The batsman and the captain. And having watched the last 13 home Tests, I hope Virat and his team really has the potential to win anywhere - in or outside India, " he said. 1. " Virat Kohli' s batting was affected by his emotional outbursts in the acrimonious Test series against Australia, feels former captain Sourav Ganguly, who is hoping that the Indian skipper " cools down" to score big again. Talking about the Dharamsala Test, which according to him was the highlight of the season, Ganguly wrote: " I was sitting at home around lunchtime on Day Three when Australia began its second innings.
7. " The Bombay High Court has passed an order which observes that prima facie, the movie " appears to be a copy of the Korean movie Miracle in Cell No. Interestingly, the complainant Kross Pictures in their arguments had indicated at least 15 instances where the producer of Pushpaka Vimana AR Vikhyat publicly admitted that he had ' adapted' the screenplay of the Korean film for his movie. The Korean movie was first released on 23rd January 2013, first in Korean and then on YouTube in English in 2014.
The comedian drew laughs by comparing Arunabh with famous American entertainer Bill Cosby, who has been accused of sexual assault allegations by multiple women. " The only thing that has changed is that now we have guys in skinny jeans that are harassing us. " TV. And then they are sent to schools and colleges which further segregate boys and girls.
Not only that, Apple experts at the App Accelerator will also deliver the first- of- its- kind facility to the Indian developers and provide them with further support and guidance. apple. com/ accelerator/ ) . You can straight away sign up here. "
Inki awaaz na Hindustan ki sarkar aur na hi PM ko sunayi deti hai. Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi today met Tamil Nadu farmers protesting at Delhi' s Jantar Mantar for over two weeks. PM ki zimedaari hai ki inki baat sunein. The PM has given debt relief to richest people in the country, why not for the people who have built this country - the farmers, " he said in an apparent reference to former Kingfisher Airlines Vijay Mallya, who is in London since March 2, 2016, and owes 17- bank consortium over Rs 6, 000 crore. "
From this point, the making of Shabana, the lethal spy, starts. " Her classmate Jai ( Taher Mithaiwala) is smitten by her, but is only stuck with ferrying her back- and- forth from college, because she does not entertain his declarations of love. You do not know whether to laugh. Sigh. 5/ 5) The surprise package of Baby, Taapsee Pannu, kicking some serious butt, Akshay Kumar' s one- liners and lots of thrills - Naam Shabana looks full of crowd- pleasers on the surface, and if in doubt, there is always Bharat Mata Ki Jai. But for reasons best known to the makers, he divulges key information about himself after years of painstakingly ( quite literally, as you will find out) staying under the radar.
The External Affairs minister, Sushma Swaraj, in a tweet conveyed the information of their release. Even yesterday, she took to twitter to convey that the workers from Telangana, who were held captive by their employer in Saudi Arabia, have been rescued. In an another tweet, she lauded the Indian Ambassador in Sudan, for his efforts to rescue the abducted. "
Air India has alerted its staff to alleged attempts by Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad to circumvent a ban on flying by booking flights with different honorifics and spellings of his name. The 56- year- old MP was then banned by Air India and five private airlines from flying as he refused to apologise for the incident that triggered nationwide outrage. FIR, ? Fellow MPs criticised Gaikwad? . he ( Sukumar) should come and apologise. he said.
With a number of officers and men looking out of shape in their uniforms and failing in physical tests, the Indian Army has waged a war against obesity in the force warning that such personnel would miss out on promotion, foreign postings and career enhancement courses in the force. As per the new policy issued by Army last week on reducing obesity in the force, there would no place to hide for obese officers and men as senior officers have been granted powers to carry out random checks during their visits and medically downgrade such people after a thorough check up.
The big gang that landed in Maldives also includes Arbaaz Khan, Malaika Arora, Atul Agnihotri, Alvira Khan Agnihotri, Helen and Seema Khan. Love u Ahil ! # ahilturns1 @ amillafushiA post shared by Arpita Khan Sharma ( @ arpitakhansharma) on Mar 29, 2017 at 7: 06am PDT Even mom Arpita could not contain her happiness and shared a lovely message, " Here wishing my love, my life, my world, my lil man who is given me a reason to believe in love, life and togetherness forever. # ahilturns1 # ahilsbirthday # thelittlemanturns1 # birthdayboy # 1stbirthday ? ? # ahil # ahilsharma # ahilsbirthday # celebration # begins # maldives # family # birthdaybash # birthdaybaby # babyahilA post shared by Ahil Sharma ( @ ahilsharma30) on Mar 29, 2017 at 1: 18pm PDTALSO READ: Salman' s nephew Ahil cannot stop chewing his mamu' s signature bracelet !
. " exit polls: EC New Delhi, Mar 30 ( PTI) The prediction of election results by astrologers and tarot readers in the period when there is a ban on broadcasting exit polls is a violation of law, the Election Commission has ruled today. . , " the advisory said.
( Barcelona condemn ' unfair and disproportionate' Lionel Messi ban) Having already missed his side' s 0- 2 defeat against Bolivia on Tuesday due to the ban, Messi insisted that he has been unfairly punished with the suspension as his insults were not at all directed at an official. " My sayings were never addressed to the assistant, but they were said to the air, " goal. com quoted Messi as saying.
This, Dylan still has not been able to do. Now before you jump the gun and start lamenting about the huge loss this could be, here is the good news. A speech by Dylan was given by the US Ambassador to Sweden in December, during the annual Nobel Awards dinner, but the Academy has ruled that that is not enough.
God' s been kind. ( Padma Shri award on Republic Day makes it even more special: Virat Kohli) What an absolute honor and a memorable day to receive the Padma Shri award from the President of India. ? ð? Jai Hind ð?
This is just an effort to ascertain what deposits were made during the demonetisation period. Officials said the tax department is understood to have introduced a new column for obtaining details of all deposits made by an individual or entity during the demonetisation period between November 8 and December 30 last year. The department has not issued notices in cases where the deposit amounts were small, " a senior officer said. The e- verification of ITRs using the Aadhaar will continue, they said.
CISF DG OP Singh said. a CISF official said. High Definition CCTV cameras focussed on the baggage screening system were required so that CISF personnel who cleared a bag could be easily identified to fix accountability, ? The BCAS had in February issued an order announcing that the procedure was to be done away with but the CISF had at that time object to immediate implementation of the plan. ? he said.
Raj Kapoor? said Choudhary. He is said to have visited the theatre regularly and hosted premieres of several films released under the banner of RK films, including Sangam that released in 1964 and Mera Naam Joker, first screened in 1970. said Roop Ghai, manager. he told Hindustan Times. ? He said the cinema hall has been unable to recover operating costs over the past two years.
Following the FIR, cops were supposed to send Arunabh summons on Thursday, but they have not been able to find him to do so. The officials are keen to arrest Arunabh afterthe summons. ALL YOU NEED TO KNOWThe series of allegations against Arunabh emerged after a woman wrote an anonymous blog earlier this month alleging sexual harassment by him during the time she worked at TVF between 2014 and 2016. Then, just a day after Mumbai Police announced that with no women filing a proper FIR, the case against Arunabh was set to go cold, a woman came forward and filed a complaint against the TVF CEO.
Days after four Nigerian students were allegedly beaten up by a mob at a mall in Greater Noida, Nigeria has asked the Indian government to ensure immediate arrest and prosecution of those responsible for the attack on its nationals. THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME" It is a concern to us that Nigerian students in that place were harassed, beaten up and many of them were seriously injured, " Olushola Enikanolaiye is said to have told the Indian ambassador. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, Abike Dabiri- Erewa, has advised Nigerians living in India to remain calm and be watchful of their surroundings. ALSO READ: Greater Noida: Boy dies under mysterious circumstances, parents blame Nigerian neighbours
THE PRO- TEMPLE BANNERSAzam Khan, the president of Sri Ram Mandir Nirman Muslim Kar Sevak Manch, put out 10 these hoardings across Lucknow to move forward in the direction as ' suggested' by the Supreme Court. Flanked by two gun- wielding private guards, Azam Khan has no hesitation chanting Jai Shree Ram. The party had included the issue in its poll manifesto and Yogi Adityanath had also promised to move in that direction if the BJP was voted to power. Talking to India Today, Azam Khan said, " I have been getting threat on e- mails and phones. I cannot identify them.
It said that Oppo has deep respect for India and its culture and the company continues to obey the applicable laws and regulations in India and will not tolerate any misconduct. STAFF PROTESTED AGAINST CHINESE NATIONAL' S ACTProtests began outside the company' s office on Monday evening after Suhahu allegedly tore a poster with a picture of the India flag which was pasted on a wall of the office. In a statement Oppo India said, " Based on the recent incident and after thorough investigation with the concerned authorities, we have found that a worker discarded the India flag from the table during regular external material check. Earlier, China said it expected that the rights of the Chinese companies as well as the employees would be protected in India. Senior officials, including Yadav, District Magistrate NP Singh as well as the Labour Commissioner held a meeting with the Oppo executives.
She also accused Verma of calling her a slut and bitch. According to the Priyadarshini, Verma was accompanied by another person when he entered the CCD outlet near Hawa Mahal. Priyanka Priyadarshini, the CCD employee, had filed a complaint against Delhi student Arpan Verma at Jaipur' s Manak Chowk police station on Wednesday.
She tells IndiaToday. Don' t just freeze. . twitter. To give each shot keeping in mind all the characteristics of this girl, who is completely opposite to me, was pretty taxing, " Taapsee reveals. But in school and college, there have been instances where I wish I knew how to defend myself. " Not to my face, because I can pretty much rip a person apart if that happens.
IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad leaks MS Dhoni' s Adhaar Card details. His wife Sakshi is fully justified to be angry and upset, " Digivijaya Singh said in a series of tweets. However, along with the photo of Dhoni, the official Twitter account of CSC also tweeted his Aadhaar registration details in a screenshot, which then prompted led to a number of furious tweets from Dhoni' s wife Sakshi. ? # disappointed, " Sakshi had tweeted.  "
Director Suvendu Ghosh claimed that " Shunyota" is the first film on demonetisation, and is scheduled to be released on March 31. " I feel the jury members of CBFC may be esteemed persons in their respective fields, but having knowledge over films is very crucial to decide on a film, " he said. If they had any issue, they could have given U/ A to the film. It ( the film ) has no political colour but had they ( CBFC) told me to cut certain parts I would have considered. "
The move comes months after a Centre- appointed three- member committee indicted the AAP government for " misusing" exchequer money on advertisements. The rest Rs 55 crore, which is yet to be paid by the Kejriwal government, would be given by Aam Aadmi Party to the ad agencies, according to the the LGs directions. The Lt Governor has now directed the Chief Secretary to get the amount of Rs 97 crore from Aam Aadmi Party, " a source said.
Mumbai, Mar 29 ( PTI) Actor- filmmaker Sunny Deol, who is working hard to give his son Karan a perfect launch, is shooting for his debut film in the beautiful mountains of Manali, Himachal Pradesh. Titled " Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas" the movie is a romantic drama.
In an interview with Hindustan Times, Alia said, " I do want to settle down early ( in life) because I have an advantage of having started off ( in career) very early. Ever since she made her debut with Student Of The Year, Alia' s name has been linked with her co- star Sidharth Malhotra' s. Although the two have been in denial mode, several hints have been dropped. That way, I can get done with it ( getting married) and continue ( in my career) . When it comes to marriage, Sidharth seems to have somewhat different views.
You know how proud I am of my roots, my homeland, ? s top scorer with 71 goals. The 32- year- old Ronaldo is a local hero in Madeira, where he is seen as a rags- to- riches success. Portugal? ? The Real Madrid striker was joined on Wednesday by dozens of guests and hundreds of fans in his native Madeira Islands for an official ceremony renaming the local airport as Aeroporto Cristiano Ronaldo.
com. Starting off by saying that he cannot handle the ' nepospasms' ( A condition that, KJo describes, arises from the fear of the word ' nepotism' ) , Karan Johar goes on to defend his casting choices and adds that if he can be accused of nepotism, everyone can be. " If there was anyone better than Alia Bhatt, she would have been in the movie, but there wasn' t. She just stood out. We' re not NGOs! I' m not alone. Probably not.
Once this was communicated to the BCCI office bearers Anirudh Chaudhary the treasurer is said to have opposed to the idea saying such awards can only be announced at general body meetings. Now it is the CoA. Why the treasurer was objecting we do not know. " ALSO WATCH
Setback to car companies. Industry would abide by the order, the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers ( Siam) president Vinod K Dasari said. India will switch to the more efficient and stringent BS- IV norms, already in place in some parts of the country, including Delhi, from April 1. ? 30gm of carbon monoxide per kg of fuel, the emission drops to 1gm per kg in BS- IV vehicles. SC restrains them from selling BS- 3 vehicles from April 1 @ htTweets? Similarly, hydrocarbon and nitrogen oxide emissions ?
In its earlier directive on March 24, the RBI had asked all authorised banks to be open on all days from March 25 to April 1, including Saturday, Sunday and all holidays, to facilitate the governments receipts and payments. But very late on 24th evening, the RBI had flashed their instructions through the press and electronic media, " said a joint letter written by them. Mumbai, Mar 29 ( PTI) Reversing its earlier order, the Reserve Bank today said the bank branches dealing in government businesses need not remain open on April 1 in view of the annual closing business.
Today' s meeting was the third in a series of meetings between Narendra Modi and MPs which would continue till March 31. ALSO READ: PM Modi sets eye on 2019 Lok Sabha polls, asks BJP MPs to hit the ground
The apex court has set a time frame of three months to complete the work of installing the cameras. " We direct that at least in two districts in every state/ union territory ( with the exception of small states/ union territories where it may be considered to be difficult to do so by the concerned high courts) CCTV cameras ( without audio recording) may be installed inside the courts and at such important locations of the court complexes as may be considered appropriate, " The Indian Express quotes as the Supreme Court as saying. According to the report, since August 2013, union law ministers have written three times to respective chief justices of India, urging the court to consider allowing video and audio recordings of judicial proceedings.
According to reports, the female student was inside a cab when some unidentified men pulled her out and started misbehaving. Talking to India Today about the incident, SP Sujata Singh said, " We have asked for an official complaint to be filed before an FIR can be lodged. Why we are being attacked we do not know. " In yet another attack on foreign nationals in Greater Noida, a Kenyan student was thrashed by some unidentified men near Knowledge Park today. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj spoke to Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath who assured her of a " fair and impartial" probe into Monday' s incident. "
This comes just days after two Hizb- ul- Mujahideen militants were killed in an encounter in south Kashmir' s Pulwama district. No one was however injured. Also read:
It did not and it is been almost three years now, " he said. I am dating, yes. When Arbaaz Khan and Malaika Arora announced their decision to end their 17- year- long marriage, it sent shockwaves through the industry. . ?
An Afghan national who had fallen ill on board a flight from Kabul from Delhi was booked on Tuesday after doctors at the Safdurjung Hospital found Heroin capsules stuffed in his rectum. The accused has not been arrested as he is still in unconscious. Police said the seven capsules found from his rectum weighed 68 gm.
The politics today is at a very dangerous turn. . RSS is conspiring to get its fundamentalist agenda implemented through the BJP governments, which could put the secular character of the country at risk, " he told a meeting of SP MLAs and MLCs in Lucknow. He also claimed that his government had succeeded in creating a " basic structure for development" in the state. The former chief minister was unanimously elected as the combined leader of the party in both the state Assembly and Council, SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary said.   '
The cops are now wondering whether the original victim, who posted a blog on the web portal Medium, even exists. However, Mumbai Police sources tell India Today that the probe will be closed by this week without an FIR being filed as no victims have come forward. The Mumbai Police will soon reply to the advocate' s letters, informing him that that the case does not stand and that the inquiry is being closed. ALSO READ:
Every 5 years, we renew fuel supply agreement with Nepal. The new MoU, he said, is " much better" than the previous ones as " it keeps the interests of both the nations" . He however did not elaborate. All About The Agreement " The supply agreement signed today is for the period April 2017 to March 2022 and will meet the full requirements, demand and quantities of all the major oil products, including petrol, diesel, kerosene, aviation turbine fuel and LPG, " Ashok told reporters here.
A terminally- ill Houston high school student, whose dream was to speak with Beyonce once in her life, succumbed to cancer days after talking to the star over a video chat. â? ? com/ 57ida3fCAoWe Will Miss You Ebony ð? Long Live ð? ½ # ebobpic.
Rahane should stay captain! ( Rahane' s captaincy draws high praise from Clarke, Ganguly) When asked if he would still be friends with the Aussie cricketers after a keenly fought series, Kohli said no. " He had in fact said that he was " really good friends with all these guys off the field. " No, it has changed. ( Virat Kohli has ensured India will not ever back down: Michael Clarke to India Today)
The government has also said the Aadhaar card is a must for anyone seeking to obtain or renew a driver' s license, a new telephone number as well as for existing connections to stay operational after February 2018. The critics of Aadhaar claim the government is violating a Supreme Court order of October 2015 which specified that the Universal Identification Document cannot be made mandatory for government schemes. The Supreme Court today said it will set up a seven- judge bench to hear the pleas challenging Aadhaar. " But right now, it is not possible, " a bench of Chief Justice Jagdish Singh Khehar, Justice DY Chandrachud and Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul said.
Total darkness? a. k. a. s mother, Sonia Yelich- O? super ultra special guest? In fact, she? ? Another thanked Ella Yelich O? You know you are in Auckland City when Lorde casually rocks out as the surprise guest at your local No Lights No Lycra hosted at the community library, ? had been teased in the lead- up to the event, billed as a ? .
He wrote: " Rajkumari Ratna Singh ex MP is the daughter of Raja Dinesh Singh ji who was a Cabinet Minister in Indira Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi Cabinet. " The senior Congress leader committed the gaffe, of course inadvertently, while posting a video by former Congress MP Rajkumari Ratna Singh on Twitter. This is not the first time that Singh has courted controversy due to his slip of finger or slip of tongue. Earlier, Singh had invited criticism for addressing slain 9/ 11 main accused Osama bin Laden as " Osamaji" and Pakistani terrorist Hafiz Saeed as " sahib" .
in, Taapsee opened up about her relationship. Now, why I do not talk about it in the media is not because I am ashamed to accept it, but because if I do, then everything will be centred around that and people will start talking about that more than the work I do, which I do not want. Taapsee Pannu is one of the rare Bollywood actors who has mostly steered clear of link- ups with her co- stars. While she did not confirm that Mathias was the man in her life, she said, " I' m in an extremely good state in my personal life. ? ®ð?
1 ranked batsman in the world still ended up on the losing end. ( Great win, great summer for India: Sourav Ganguly to India Today) Smith though conceded that this was one of the best series that he has been a part of and praised his team for their performances. Credit to India. Umesh was fantastic. We have probably let a few moments slip.
What does that mean? Riese is a German water expert, and believes that water should be treated the same way as wine. Apparently, water sommeliers are quite common in Europe, and all of them advocate water as the most precious drink in the world ( now you just cannot disagree with that! ) But if the water sommeliers like Riese are to be believed, it has a lot to do with smell and sight as well as taste. .
Kher tells IndiaToday. But today, everyone knows the fact that I have four releases coming, thanks to social media, " the actor says. From Bend It Like Beckham to the Oscar- nominated Silver Linings Playbook, Anupam Kher' s filmography boasts of some impressive Hollywood projects. Her achievements are amazing.
40 with two half- centuries. That motivated me. ( SCORECARD | BALL- BY- BALL UPDATES) Watch: Biggest takeaways from India vs Australia Test seriesJadeja, who picked up four wickets in the match and scored 63 runs in India' s first innings, finished the series as the highest wicket- taker with 25 scalps in four matches with two five- wicket hauls. I will try to get to a hundred next time, and celebrate with two bats as swords, " Jadeja said. I developed as a player overall.
. Arjun Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor. pic. com/ 1EQWmC4GhG The film is based on Chetan Bhagat' s novel of the same name, and revolves around the story of a Bihari boy who falls in love with a rich Delhi girl. It' s a drama.
According to a TOI report, Dr Ahmed AQ Irfani, bough a mobile phone charger worth Rs 259 from Flipkart during January 2016. He also stated that the charger' s description read that it could withstand between 100 volts and 240 volts. Also Read: OnePlus took a long time to launch a black OnePlus 3T for a reasonInitially Flipkart refused to pay the compensation stating that the device may have damaged due to a short circuit caused by power fluctuations.
It does not end there. Disha told the publication, " I am relieved that the episode is over. While the actor did not register a complaint, she has decided to have a bodyguard with her at all times as a safety measure. It was an unpleasant experience. "
Referring to Telecom companies' body National Association of Software and Services Companies ( NASSCOM) and Akamai, the Telecom Ministry said that 730 million Internet users are anticipated in the country by 2020. " 50 million Internet subscribers as on December 31, 2016. To give a push to digitisation in country, the government has allocated 965 Megahertz spectrum through auction in October, 2016 to various telecom service providers for access services. 5 lakh) in the country.
Police said Wahl has told them she was there to speak to US President Donald Trump, the CNN reported. Washington, Mar 27 ( PTI) A 38- year- old woman in the US, who was apprehended twice for allegedly trying to jump the White House fence last week, has been arrested for scaling a fence at the Treasury Building. She was charged with unlawful entry and contempt of court. She was released on her own recognisance after a Saturday court appearance.
An RTI activist from Punjab, Parinder Singh Kitana has accused Yoga guru Baba Ramdev of commercialising martyrs Shaheed- E- Azam Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev in a recent advertisement of Patanjali products. You have made no bones of your intentions by stating in the advertisement itself  that the products of Indian companies like Patanjali should be purchased by the countrymen, in preference over foreign companies, since the Martyrs had fought against the foreigners, " the legal notice sent to Patanjali Yogpeeth and Divya Yog Mandir trusts said. PATANJALI UNAWARE OF LEGAL NOTICE? He has, in the past, exposed several cases of corruption including the one against an IAS officer involved in embezzlement of funds in the name of a cultural event.
Yes, you read that right! According to a report in Mid- Day, Thalaivar Rajinikanth will be essaying 5 characters in the film. Directed by Shankar, the film also has Amy Jackson, Sudhanshu Pandey and Adil Hussain in pivotal roles. SEE PIC: Rajamouli, Prabhas, Rana, Karan click Baahubali 2 selfie
We have good safety regulations but never in my dreams expected a Parliament member to be involved in such an incident, " Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapati Raju said in response to Adsul' s remark. " I will then attend Lok Sabha session ( in New Delhi) on Wednesday, " Gaikwad said. The Osmanabad MP, however, refused to reveal his whereabouts. Exclusive: Defiant Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad dares Air India to blacklist himALSO READ: Shiv Sena backs Ravindra Gaikwad, calls bandh in support of MP in Osmanabad
Tamil Nadu farmers are protesting at the Jantar Mantar in the national capital from the last two weeks seeking drought- relief package. The DMK leader also claimed that during the budget session he had requested the ' benami' government to waive off the farmer loans citing that more than 200 farmers have died so far " but the government, running on the advise of a convict, did not care much" . It appears that they are worried more about the RK Nagar bypolls as the party' s deputy general secretary TTV Dinakaran is contesting from the constituency. UP, PUNJAB FARMERS EXTENDED SUPPORT" Farmers of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana have extended their support for Tamil farmers and met them.
It was also confirmed that Odisha will be the title sponsor of both events. As a result, the official event titles will be the Odisha Men' s Hockey World League Final Bhubaneswar 2017 and the Odisha Hockey Men' s World Cup Bhubaneswar 2018, according to the FIH' s official statement. Each time we return to the country, Hockey India raise the bar, embracing goals outlined in our 10- year Hockey Revolution strategy aimed at making our events innovative and exciting for our fans. "
Ved Prakash Satish accused Arvind Kejriwal government of doing ' nothing for improvement in Shahabad Dairy region' , which falls under his Assembly constituency of Bawana. ' KEJRIWAL IS NOT GETTING RIGHT INFORMATION' Ved Prakash also said that Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal is surrounded by people who are giving him wrong information, which is slowing down progress. Even a crematorium was not built there. " He said, " The Delhi government did not do anything for Shahabad Dairy region. I messaged him. I went there thinking that something new was going to happen.
Given that Switzerland does not belong to the group of countries which implemented the standard early on ( so- called early adopters) , it is also benefiting from the experience of other countries, " the SIF said. " Switzerland is prepared in principle to introduce the automatic exchange of information with all states and territories which meet the relevant requirements. Should it subsequently transpire that a country has not fulfilled its obligations, Switzerland can at any time suspend the automatic exchange of information with the country concerned, " it added. Domestic financial institutions are collecting this data for the first time this year, and the Swiss tax authorities will exchange it with their counterparts in partner states in 2018, " said the State Secretariat for International Financial Matters ( SIF) . As India and other countries await an automatic exchange of information from next year about suspected black money hoarders in Swiss banks, Switzerland has said it can suspend such sharing of details at any time if confidentiality is not maintained. ALSO READ | Switzerland to share info on Indians holding Swiss bank accounts
serious breach? of Ofcom? s rules. said Clive Selley, chief executive of Openreach. s digital backbone, ? The record £ 42m penalty, which was reduced from £ 60m after BT admitted full liability and agreed to pay back rivals, is more than 11 times greater than the previous largest fine levied on a telecoms operator by Ofcom. BT? We apologise wholeheartedly for the mistakes Openreach made in the past when processing orders for a number of high- speed business connections, ? ?
I hope I am ( a friendly mother) . I try to be. Twinkle Khanna, who maintains that it is extremely difficult to troll her, often gets trolled by her son Aarav, whether it is for her driving skills or her self- confessed bad films she has done. I believe it is a compliment in today' s times.
Sixty- four per cent of Indias population will be in the working age group by 2020, High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka Taranjith Singh Sandhu said while delivering a foreign policy lecture here. " The core aim of Indias foreign policy is to meet the developmental aspirations of its 1. 25 billion people.
The last 10 days have been harrowing. While the debilitated meat supply highlights the fact that erstwhile governments in UP had turned a blind eye to unlawful slaughterhouses, it also proves the incumbent government had no consolidated plan to avoid a crisis- like situation. " While the debilitated meat supply highlights the fact that erstwhile governments in UP had turned a blind eye to unlawful slaughterhouses, it also proves the incumbent government had no consolidated plan to avoid a crisis- like situation. " I have not seen such scarcity of raw meat in the last 35 years that we have been in business, " said Mohamad Khalid, owner of Al- Nafis dhaba at Dasna on NH 24. " But numbers speak for themselves. " RS 4, 000 CRORE IN LOSSESThe accumulated losses in the last two months since the BJP manifesto promised closure of illegal slaughterhouses runs into Rs 4, 000 crore, according to All India Meat and Livestock Exporters Association.
She was swimming in cold water throughout night in Udaipur to prepare for the Mumbai. Talking about the exciting swim, Singh said, " It was very exciting. I want to swim longer now. " Watch the video here:
15, including three hundreds and as many fifties. ( Cheteshwar Pujara breaks Gautam Gambhir' s eight- year- old record) Chasing Australia' s first innings total of 300 runs, India were at 157/ 2 on Day 2, and with the dependable Cheteshwar Pujara and Rahane looking set in the middle. ( India vs Australia, 4th Test, Day 2: As it happened) However, he failed to sustain the momentum in the following series against England where he managed only 63 runs in the first three Tests before being ruled out of the last two matches with a finger injury. Think about the Rahane at Lord' s ( 2013) where it was seaming, decking, bouncing and he just batted as if it was a different track. " . ( Gallery)
Switching off lights and electrical appliances during the Earth Hour initiative this year, Delhi saved around 290 MW of power, the capital' s distribution companies ( discoms) announced on Sunday. The global Earth Hour initiative aimed at energy conservation was observed between 8: 30 pm and 9: 30 pm on Saturday. " With its 40 lakh consumers, BSES areas in the capital last year had saved around 207 MW during this annual event.
Now, this diva is giving the country and her fans some perspective by auctioning out just the things that earned her the ' dive' tag, because it is all for a good cause. Last year, the Delhi 6 actress was appointed as the goodwill ambassador for Mumbai- based NGO, Fight Hunger Foundation.
Shimla, Mar 26 ( PTI) Veteran actor Anupam Kher, who grew up in Himachal Pradesh, today bought his first ever house here and gifted it to his mother. We Indians want to have our own home in a place where we grew up. Presented it to Mom, " Kher captioned the clip.
A complaint of molestation has been lodged against the actor by a 20- year- old model. Bangar Nagar police station has registered the FIR under section 354 A of the Indian Penal Code.
Terming BJPs landslide victory in the crucial state of Uttar Pradesh as a positive development, Kotak said it is a " big signal" for stability and continuity in economic policies. I think we just need to make sure that we are focused on growing the economy, getting the private sectors animal spirits back and that will create jobs, " Kotak told PTI over the weekend. A two- thirds majority in the countrys most populous state, that sends the maximum number of Parliamentarians ( 80 to the Lower House and 30 to the Upper House, where Opposition Congress is in majority) , will help BJP gain upper hand after the 2018 elections to the Rajya Sabha.
In the 30th edition of Mann Ki Baat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation for the first time after BJP' s resounding success in Assembly elections 2017. We all are proud that both the nations share the memories of Gurudev Rabindra Nath Tagore who wrote the national anthem of both India and Bangladesh, " the Prime Minister said.
Ronaldo' s 70 in 137 appearances trail only Miroslav Klose ( 71) , Sandor Kocsis ( 75) and Ferenc Puskas ( 84) . Things have to change. " Here is a look at World Cup qualifiers in Europe: BULGARIA STUN NETHERLANDSTeenager Matthijs de Ligt' s dream debut for the Netherlands quickly turned into a nightmare as he handed Bulgaria an early goal. Switzerland earned a fifth win in as many matches after beating Latvia 1- 0 to remain on top of the group with 15 points. Ronaldo struck both goals from outside the area, first slashing home a left- footer off Silva' s pass, followed by a right- footed free kick from an angle to seal the win in Lisbon. "
My lions ( Gujarat Babbar Sher) are hungry. . Akhilesh also informed that his party has reviewed the reason behind the land slide defeat in the elections. " I would like to caution you not to go near them as they can harm you, " Akhilesh said in a press conference at the Samajwadi Party' s office. ALSO READ | Mulayam, Shivpal skip Akhilesh- led Samajwadi Party' s national executive
Police Sgt. What we know at this point in the investigation is that several local men got into some type of dispute inside the bar, and it escalated into shots being fired from several individuals, " Isaac said. We have had incidents here in the past, but this is by far the worst, " she said. He called the shootings " unacceptable" and said authorities would work to find ways to prevent such violence. A regional airport is nearby. Ohio Gov. Watch video here
The controverisal Finance Bill of 2017, that was introduced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitely as a Money Bill in the Lok Sabha, and gotten it passed with the majority the Bharatiya Janata Party enjoys in the lower house, was reintroduced today after the Rajya Sabha recommended five amendments to it. That is why, keeping in view that rule 219 does not specifically bar inclusion of non- taxation proposals in a Finance Bill, I rule out the Point of Order, " Mahajan had said while rejecting the objection moved by NK Premachandran ( RSP) . Incidental provisions can be made. 5- 5 lakh slab
Committing himself to implement the BJP' s manifesto in Uttar Pradesh, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath said that there is no place for hooliganism under his government in the state. Adityanath said that he has given a clear instruction to police officials that if couples are going around or sitting together at a public place with mutual consent, they must not be harassed. In his first public speech in his parliamentary constituency, Gorakhpur, Yogi Adityanath showered lavish praise on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
We are religious people. Terming the statue " unethical and anti- Islamic" , the All Bengal Minority Youth Federation ( ABMYF) has opposed the statue at the government run Baker hostel. Quamruzzaman, general secretary of the minority body. " MAMATA BANERJEE EMBARRASSED?
Also read | Speaking the unspoken: An Indian girl' s guide for understanding gender discrimination Fakruddin said that there should not be any compulsion on enforcing religious practices.
Sanjay Dutt is known for his large- heartedness. The reason for Sanjay' s insistence is that he does not want Bhoomi to clash with good friend Aamir Khan' s next project Secret Superstar. I believe, after all the work being put in, it cannot be reduced to a clash at the box office.
We are a flexible society. Speaking at the MAIL TODAY Culture Conclave, he announced that both Romeo and Juliet are welcome in the city and there would be no Mogambo to object, referring to one of Hindi cinema' s best- known villains. His music is without boundaries. While the lives of Uttar Pradesh' s Romeos and Juliets have taken a tragic turn with critics accusing the state' s week- old BJP government of " moral policing" , the star- crossed lovers may find refuge in the nation' s Capital. India with such diverse culture is a culture of resistance and we should celebrate it. " Therefore, we organised a mega Yamuna aarti and are also going to develop river tourism and a ' 200- crore budget has been earmarked for this year. We have begun water sports.
Kangana Ranaut, the queen of Bollywood, gifted herself royally on her 30th birthday. A source was quoted by Mid- Day as saying, " It' s a spacious three- storey bungalow. Fresh from Rangoon, Kangana Ranaut' s upcoming film is Simran directed by Hansal Mehta. Kangana had always dreamed of her own office space and intends to start work on her directorial project this year.
Aapne pehla wicket dekha hoga woh chinaman nahin tha. ( Dream- come- true, could not have asked for more: Kuldeep Yadav) He revealed that he has learnt a few tricks of the trade from the Aussie spin wizard Shane Warne and it was great to get his countryman with one of those. " Unhi se seekha aur unhi ke batsman ko out karna to obviously acchi si cheez hai. I only watch his videos and it was a dream- come- true when I met him. ( Ashwin breaks Steyn' s record)
Under the army' s ' buddy' s system, sahayak jawans are attached to officers and junior commissioned officers. This is perhaps the first step in the dismantling of the army' s sahayak or ' buddy' system. Once their civilian replacements are in the place, the 10, 000 sahayak jawans will be moved to army formations across the country. Army chief supports restricting ' sahayak' system
Tum character accha bana lete ho! " To which, the hero replies, " Waise sir, chai se ch* * * ya banana aap hi se seekha hai! " According to a report in Mid- Day, the censor board strangely had no problem with the expletive that comes in the second line since the board placed in the context of the character always offering tea while conversing in the film. " At this point, the villain played by Zeeshan Mohammed tells him, " Ek mann ki baat kahoon?
The British Parliament passed a resolution rejecting Pakistan' s position on the region in PoK. It says that Pakistan is attempting to annex an area that does not belong to it. The British Parliament motion reads, " Gilgit- Baltistan is a legal and constitutional part of the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India, which is illegally occupied by Pakistan since 1947, and where people are denied their fundamental rights including the right of freedom of expression. " The Gilgit- Baltistan area is under Pakistan' s control since it invaded Jammu and Kashmir soon after partition of India.
Not only she danced and talked in an obscene manner, the teacher even threatened the little kids against informing their parents. Soon the police were informed about it and the school teacher was arrested. After  launching an investigation into the incident, the police also confiscated the teacher' s mobile phone. Incidentally, several pornographic clips were found on the teacher' s mobile phone.
Recently, a social media video got viral on Thursday in which Arnold Schwarzenegger was seen celebrating the athletes who participated in the Special Olympics at the 2017 World Winter Games back in his home country Austria. - @ Schwarzeneggerpic. twitter. To this, Arnie replied, " Right now, I guarantee you that these athletes have more courage, compassion, brains, skill - actually more of every positive human quality than you. "
The criminal complaint for defamation has been filed against the six accused because they had given defamatory statements against Arun Jaitley on Twitter, Facebook and in the media, ? Jaitley? said Jaitley? ?
. pic. As per a statement released by Lyca Productions, Rajinikanth was supposed to visit Jaffna to hand over keys built for Tamils by Gnanam Foundation. 2. ALSO READ: Katamarayudu Review
Mumbai, Mar 24 ( PTI) Bollywood actor and former parliamentarian Govinda appeared before the tax department today following a summons to him for not paying service tax dues of around Rs 70 lakh. " The actor did not respond to phone calls and text messages. He was supposed to pay service tax to the tune of Rs 70 lakh, but the actor did not do so despite intimation by the department.
But, its screen shot is doing rounds. An IPS officer of 2010 batch, Himanshu Kumar alleged in his now deleted tweets that senior police officers were are targeting subordinates of particular caste after the formation of Yogi Adityanath' s government in Uttar Pradesh. Days after he attacked the Yogi Adityanath government in Uttar Pradesh, IPS officer Himanshu Kumar was suspended today. The deleted tweet said, " There is now a rush among senior officers to suspend/ send to reserve lines all police personnel who have ' Yadav' surname. "
Bihar' s deputy chief minister Tejaswi Yadav on Saturday dared new Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath to ban liquor and set up an " anti- daru squad" on the lines of the much hyped anti- romeo squad. " Liquor is dangerous, it pollutes health and society.
I looked after him. According to government data, about 2 lakh people are waitlisted for kidneys and 30, 000 for livers. One of his kidneys was transplanted to a Muslim patient at Safardjung Hospital who was on dialysis for two years and could not find any donor. " HE SERVED HIS NATION IN DEATH" All potential organs such as eyes, heart, liver, kidneys and intestine were procured, which gave fresh lease of life to six patients. But in death, 22- year- old ITBP recruit Roshan Kumar became the saviour for half a dozen families. Roshan proved Hindu- Muslim Bhai Bhai.
Nalu had been " overcome by heat and smoke, " the Santa Monica Fire Department said in a statement. It was pretty amazing because I have been on a number of animal rescues like this that did not come out the same way that Nalu' s story did, " Klein told KTLA 5. " Nalu was also given oxygen through an oxygen mask designed for animals. | | Read more at FYI | | Is culling the solution to stray dog menace in Kerala? It always is.
This development comes after the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK) , the leading Opposition party in the the Tamil Nadu Assembly, told the Election Commission that the police commissioner might act in a way that favoured the ruling party - the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK) - and asked that he be transferred, Puthiya Thalaimurai ( PT) reported. It is expected that ADGP ( CB- CID) will be the new commissioner of Chennai. WHO IS GEORGE? With inputs from Pramod Madhav
After brainstorming and thorough deliberations, it has been felt that teachers should be allowed to concentrate on their primary goal of imparting education and for that they should be relieved of all other duties" . This will infuse a fresh lease of life into Jammu and Kashmir' s otherwise derailed education system. " The state of Jammu and Kashmir has taken a lead in this direction. We all are welcoming it" , said a teacher.
The cabinet decided to discontinue the stage of interview in direct recruitment for junior level posts in all departments under Manipur government with immediate effect, " an official statement said. It also decided to amend the existing recruitment rules for Grade III and IV posts accordingly, it added. The step will help government curb corruption, assist in more objective selection in a transparent manner and ease the problems of poor people, it said.
Sushma Swaraj has said that the US has given a list of 271 people claiming they were illegal migrants from India, but the government has not accepted it and would allow their deportation only after proper verification. 43 lakh migrants lived there, of whom 2. 60 lakh were Indians. " It is not that all these changes have happened only after the Trump administration has taken over, " she said. 95 lakh and then again went down to 65, 000. "
said Arvind Kejriwal. Kejriwal said that party would soon come up with a detailed manifesto for the municipal elections. ? he added. he said.
Giving specific instructions, the Chief Minister asked the principal secretary ( home) to chalk out clear guidelines for anti- Romeo squads and " ensure there is no unnecessary harassment of boys and girls moving around or sitting at any place" , an official statement said. He also asked for effective steps in cases of acid attacks. In a meeting today, he also warned that in case of deaths due to drought and floods anywhere in the state, the concerned department officials will be held responsible.
He is Naresh Gujral, the Akali Dal MP in the Rajya Sabha. Gujral believes that Parliament needs to meet more often than it does now. Adjournments are fast becoming a norm rather than an aberration. Gujral' s Bill, if adopted by the government, could go some distance in not only making Parliament a lot more productive but it will also help redeem the MPs in the eye of the public.
Patients are suffering and people are getting annoyed. Fadnavis, who on Thursday appealed resident doctors to call off their strike, had said in the Assembly today that ' enough was enough' and that continuing the strike despite assurances was totally insensitive. " Enough is enough, we are willing to request them, but if they do not call off their strike, we will take legal action. Watch Video: Maharashtra doctors strike: Protesters unrelenting, health crisis continuesAlso Read:
kin. More than 20, 000 resident doctors in the national capital on Thursday went on mass casual leave in solidarity with their Maharashtra counterparts, leading to postponement of over 800 surgeries across Delhi government and civic body- run hospitals, and also left thousands of patients in the lurch with OPD functions hit. said Nirupam Ghosh, associated with the administration wing of Dadadev Mother and Child hospital. ? We at Fortis Healthcare are firmly committed to our patients, and our medical services remain unhampered as our doctors continue to serve the community, as always, ? said Pankaj Solanki, President FORDA, told IANS.
All editorials or opinions are subjective. This case is particularly so. India today reacted sharply to The New York Times editorial criticising Prime Minister Narendra Modis choice of Aditya Nath Yogi as the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, and said the papers wisdom to write such a piece was " questionable" . "
Doctors believe that the boy could have a medical condition called " precocious puberty" which make the child attain puberty earlier in age. Being dubbed as the youngest father in India is a 12- year- old boy has been booked under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences ( POCSO) Act for impregnating 17- year- old girl in Kerala. Read more at FYI: You' ll be shocked to know why pregnant Aussie teens are taking up smokingHer body, her right: Women have the right to decide on pregnancy, SC judge says
25 times? Three years ago, after the Maharashtra Sadan incident, Uddhav Thackeray had supported the MPs and no action was taken against them. ? It was not my fault, it ( the AI? unruly passengers?
Several inmates are reported to be injured in the violence inside the Gurdaspur jail. Several top police officials of Gurdaspur rushed to the jail. Meanwhile, the District Collector has ordered an inquiry into the incident. Gurdaspur is close to Pakistan border.
READ STORY | An open letter to sexism by Swara BhaskarWATCH VIDEO | India Today Summit 2017: Swara Bhaskar reads out a letter to SexismSession 11: From Head To Toe | That Healing FeelingModerated by Avantika JoshiREAD STORY | The only way out is within, believe these therapists Session 10: Armed And Hilarious | The Legend Of Mrs FunnybonesModerated by Koel PurieREAD STORY | Sex is always important: Twinkle KhannaSession 9: Boss Women | Shattering StereotypesModerated by Shweta PunjThe one stereotype you have had to battle. The reason I, sexism, continue to rule is because I have  pitched your fight as men vs women- - you getting your rights seems like men losing theirs, " Sexism. . Body issues. twitter. Sexist encounters. @ taapsee with @ PadmajaJoshi Experience the magic - Log on to https: / / t. co/ mM6QF474SFpic. Meenakshi Lekhi: Juliet squads!
Isn' t he bigger? Mere acting ka alag tareeka hai. The two have acted together in films like Paan Singh Tomar and Lunchbox, but their relationship is strictly professional, Nawazuddin said. . We work together whenever we are cast in a film together. "
Shahid Kapoor' s adorable gestures for wife Mira Rajput make all other husbands look bad. When she was in labour, I held my breath. It' s nice to say ' we' were pregnant, because it gives you a sense of participation and responsibility, " he said, adding that even though it was his wife who was in labour, he felt it too. " She said ' You cannot touch the baby if you smoke' and that was that, " Shahid said.
If reports from back then are anything to go by, it was Kriti Sanon' s growing proximity to Sushant that led to the rift between Ankita and him. Sanon and Rajput apparently realised that and have parted ways now. ALSO READ: Did Kriti Sanon dirty- dance with Sushant Singh Rajput? Sanon responds
Los Angeles, Mar 24 ( PTI) Sia was recently photographed without her wig while she was on her way to Dubai. The 41- year- old singer, who is known to appear in a half- black- half- blonde faux hair and never show her face, was seen in a fresh look sans her wig as she walked through LAX, reported Billboard.
Cue: Boisterous Punjabi family scenes during wedding season. This, Phillauri lacks. Kanan beat- boxes when he is asked to sing by his family. Phillauri is pretty entertaining and appears promising in these initial scenes till the point Kanan is married to a tree because of being a manglik and Shashi, the spirit enters his life. The period- backstory involving Shashi and her lover, played by Diljit, seriously drags the film. ( The writer tweets as @ devarsighosh. )
? The action came close on the heels of four people getting arrested in Uttar Pradesh for allegedly posting and sharing on social media ? Khan? objectionable pictures? firebrand Hindu leader?
Earlier in the day, the mother had asked her little one to grab a pack of juice from the freezer but instead of juice, the 5- year- old grabbed vodka. EPIC lunchbox failâ? FYI | | Human shield for beloved nature: Watch woman climb tree to protect it from being trimmed | |
Samajwadi Party patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav' s younger daughter- in- law Aparna Yadav met Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath along with her husband Prateek Yadav in Lucknow today. He is everyone' s PM, " Aparna had said while defending herself over the selfie which was clicked during a family function attended by PM Modi. What' s wrong with that?
The rulers must realise that Muslims and Hindus are two separate nations. The prime minister and other ruling elite celebrated Holi festival to please the Indian government. Their culture and civilisation are different. In his message to minorities, Sharif warned against the forced conversion and destruction of worship places of other religions, describing them as " crime in Islam" .
Govt New Delhi, Mar 23 ( PTI) Ten requests by India for extradition of fugitive criminals including Vijay Mallya, who is facing charges of loan default to the tune of nearly Rs 9, 000 crore, are pending with the UK, the government said today. In a written replyin Rajya Sabha, Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh said in the last five year, only one fugitive criminal Samirbhai Vinubhai Patel, has been extradition from the UK.
The police found a trunk full of women' s clothing at his residence. So, they began questioning people. After rounding off nearly all the Bangalore Turf Club employees who were living close to the premises in sheds, the police identified a few individuals who looked like the suspect in the CCTV footage. After which, he would powder his face and apply oil on his arms to allow him to slip faster in case he gets caught.
s absolutely free! neem beer? ? It is for the first time that we have witnessed anything of this sort in Delhi, ? I didn? said Vikrant Goswami, a scientific assistant at CEMDE. The strong beer- like scent can be smelled at least 10 feet, or even more, from the tree. That?
s Mahavir Enclave. According to the woman? The woman often claimed to have been speaking to her husband and went on without food for days during these bouts. ? an official said. he added.
He had argued that if the US uses leverage as the worlds largest market to " persuade" India to reduce its " notoriously high tariffs" America will surely sell more Harleys there. India imposes a 100- per cent import duty on the Amercian motorbikes, popular for a customisation that gave rise to the chopper- style motorcycles. He wrote the letter in response to the debate that his op- ed piece on March 6 in the daily had generated.
Shahid went on to tell the magazine, " When actors start engaging in this table- tennis match through interviews, which the media feeds off, the focus is then on the actors and not the film. I like positivity. We shared a professional equation. I also read some retractions she made later that she did not mean it in a bad way. " However, Kangana Ranaut would beg to differ.
Bollywood actor Kangana Ranaut is surely one talented woman. After wooing the heart of the nation with her epic performance in ' Queen' , the actor is now reportedly all set to make her directorial debut. After having recently produced and directed a short feature film called The Touch, she now has a chick flick on her mind.
During the 30- minute inspection, DGP Javeed Ahmad, IG Satish Ganesh and SSP Manzil Saini were present. Yogi Adityanath, the new Uttar Pradesh chief minister, made a surprise visit to the Hazratganj police station in Lucknow. Following an inspection of the police station, Yogi Adityanath said police should be people- friendly and steps will be taken to maintain law and order in the state. While visiting the old CM' s office in Lucknow, Yogi Adityanath was furious to see paan stains all over the office. The Centre has already allocated a fund of Rs 154 crore for the ambitious project.
s Society, said: ? A high score on the test, which is based on 31 genetic markers, can translate to being diagnosed many years earlier than those with a low- risk genetic profile, the study found. s good for your heart is also good for the brain. s Research UK, said that while genetic makeup can influence the chances of developing dementia, a healthy diet, regular physical activity and remaining mentally active can also drive down the risk. she said. Rosa Sancho, head of research at Alzheimer? ?
On Tuesday, Sidhu said he respects Amarinder and will follow his orders but added that there was no conflict of interest in him appearing on TV. " BJP MP and actor Kirron Kher works for television. Navjot Singh Sidhu' s ministry will have to be changed if he wants to continue working in TV, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh said today. I have quit IPL and nearly 70 to 80 per cent  television assignments.
Over 4, 000 resident doctors across Maharashtra have gone on mass leave, agitating against dangerous working conditions. A letter signed by IMA Maharashtra State' s president Dr Ashok Tambe and honorary state secretary Dr Parthiv Sanghvi says, " We are unable to understand the apathy on the part of the government in not providing an atmosphere free from fear. " We need more security at OPDs, in emergency wards and operation theaters, " he added. " We oppose any action taken against resident doctors and will work to all extents to ensure that they are not victimised. "
For the last one week, Ravi had allegedly been confronting Muskan in the street close to her home when she would walk to her workplace. Around 10. She tried to use signs to tell me that the acid had entered her stomach, ? diluted acid? ? s mother. said an investigator.
He said, " I am sorry. I shall ensure incidents like this do not repeat. 0. It all started when Ranganathan, a photojournalist, had questioned the crew members for shooting on broad daylight, when the permission was given only between 11pm and 6am.
Customs officials in Shenzhen in Guangdong province found 212. 9 carats of diamonds in the alleged smuggler' s insoles when he passed through Luohu port, which links Hong Kong with inland cities, reports Xinhua. " When he found that we were looking at him, he quickly shifted to normal walking posture, " said a customs officer Wang. FYI | | Cutting horns, removing thorns: Czech zoo decides to saw off horns of rhinos to protect them from poachers | |
Los Angeles, Mar 21 ( PTI) Actor Robert Downey Jr is set to play the lead role in the new " Doctor Dolittle" movie. The film titled " The Voyage of Doctor Dolittle" is based on the classic character who can talk to animals, reported Variety.
More or less, that is. And the next tweet read, " Going by the logic of making a goon as CM so that he behaves, Dawood can be CBI director. This time around, the filmmaker invited the wrath of a certain section of Twitter for his comments on Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath. And Mallya - RBI Governor. "
The directive seeks removal of the words Aam Aadmi from all forms of displays including Aam Aadmi Clinic and Aam Aadmi Express bus service as demanded by Leader of Opposition Vijendra Gupta. Ahead of the crucial Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD) polls, the State Election Commission has directed the chief secretary, GNTCD and all the three municipal commissioners to take action with regards to the removal of the words ' Aam Aadmi from all forms of display. The compliance report is to be submitted within 48 hours. Also read:
The dog, on seeing her puppies being crushed under the wheels, barked and chased the car helplessly but the driver did not stop or slow- down the car to check on the bleeding puppy. A CCTV footage has emerged showing a person driving a WagonR ruthlessly crushing two puppies playing on the roadside in Vasant Kunj. Even after two days of the complaint and repeated calls to the Vasant Kunj North police station regarding the case, no action has been taken, " said Tarun Sarin, a volunteer with Dhyan Foundation, an animal rights NGO. We had approached the police and filed a complaint but it has been over two days and no action has been taken yet, " said the Good Samaritan, who does not wish to be named. "
New Delhi, Mar 22 ( PTI) State- run Hudco has received capital markets regulator Sebis approval to raise funds through an initial share sale as part of the governments disinvestment drive. The government holds 100 per cent stake in the company. 90 crore as on March, 2016.
I do not want to comment on the PSL issue but yes we are going through tough times and we need to do well in the coming series to boost our people, " he said. Pakistan' s new ODI and T20 captain Sarfaraz Ahmad avoided speaking on the PSL spot- fixing scandal, which has rocked the cricket community, but admitted that the country' s cricket was going through tough times. Sarfaraz had earlier said that Pakistan would miss the services of opener Sharjeel Khan in the West Indies as he was suspended in connection with the spot- fixing scandal.
Women in burqa have also voted for him. My government will be for everyone, not specifically for any caste or community . MY GOVT WILL WORK FOR ALL: YOGI ADITYANATH Speaking in Lok Sabha on Tuesday, the Uttar Pradesh chief minister vowed to work for development of all sections by creating a " new structure" of progress. " . WATCH: UP CM Yogi Adityanath in Lok Sabha: Full speechALSO READ:
s reply on a contempt plea alleging the government failed to act against political parties, including the Congress and BJP, for allegedly accepting donations from foreign companies despite a 2014 court direction. Alleged Contemnor/ Respondent herein is the Government of India has failed to take action against the offenders even after three years of passing of the said judgment of this Court, ? ? the contempt petition reads. .
The October 11, 2007 blast took place during the month of Ramazan and targeted the Khwaja Chishti shrine. Both Devendra Patel and Sunil Joshi are former RSS pracharaks. Â
t need it. I told you God? When he asked me at the end of that conversation to be secretary of state, I was stunned, ? I? ? The former ExxonMobil oil executive revealed his initial reluctance in an interview published after a controversial trip to Asia and hours before the biggest event of his two months at the state department, an international meeting on Wednesday about how to fight Islamic State ( Isis) . re just going to continue to never solve any of these conflicts, then the budget should stay at the current level, ? t seek this job, ? he said.
Smith is the highest scorer in the four- match series. He' s made two centuries in three Tests, and following his undefeated vigil in Ranchi, it is apparent India' s bowlers are no closer to unlocking the secret to upending him. They may have run out of ideas. " Smith was already a successful batting captain, but on this tour of India he has taken his play to another level, " Chappell wrote in his column for ESPNcricinfo. "
But come Thursday, and Kangana will shoot for the first poster of Manikarnika. According to a report in Mid- Day, Kangana and Ketan have fallen out, and the actor has chosen another director for the biopic. But Kangana, who also worked on the script, had a different opinion. A source was quoted as telling the daily, " Ketan was insistent that his movie be made in English for an international audience, like Gurinder Chadha' s The Viceroy House, but those working on the film felt it will not go with the ethos of the story. The story has been written by KV Vijayendra Prasad, writer of Baahubali and Bajrangi Bhaijaan. "
I have no such intention that can connect it to any Islamic institution. It is all about development" , said Singh when asked about the posters. While Deoband is known for its historical significance and Darul Uloom Deoband has been a centre of Islamic learning since the Mughal era, Brijesh Singh had demanded that the city be renamed Deovrind after BJP came into power. " FOR WHOSE SAKE? " However, the MLA' s move has not gone down well with the Muslim community that forms a sizeable part of the population in Deoband, which is one of the five constituencies in the district. " BJP MLA Brijesh Singh' s posters thanking voters for the recent astounding victory have created a stir in the Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh after they named Deoband as Deovrind.
In a bid to check incidents of eve- teasing and passing of comments on them ( women and girls) , anti- romeo dal would be constituted at the police station levels and action under Goonda Act taken against wrongdoers, " IG ( Lucknow Zone) A Satish Ganesh said. The Lucknow zone comprises 11 districts adjoining the state capital.
The resolution said the ABPS strongly " condemns the violence by extremists and the Muslim appeasement policy of the state government and calls upon the countrymen to create awareness against the Jehadi violence and the communal politics of the state government. " Hosabale said after partition, the Hindus from East Pakistan were forced to seek refuge in West Bengal. It was not surprising that due to such large influx, the Hindu population in the state, which constituted 78. 54 per cent as per the 2011 census, he said.
Many deaths have been reported from the 19 odd tribal dominated villages that fall in this block but the government is not willing to accept malnourishment and severe malnourishment as the cause. 79 children aged below six years die every day in Madhya Pradesh and this shows that the infant mortality rate in Madhya Pradesh is worse than even many African nations. Women and child welfare department minister Archana Chitnis read out an answer to a question raised by Ram Niwas Rawat of the Congress in the ongoing budget session of the Assembly in which she accepted that 28948 children had died in the state in the past one year. The reason behind this is corruption.
New Delhi, Mar 22 ( PTI) Private sector lender Axis Bank today said its MD & CEO Shikha Sharma is not resigning. " . Axis Bank has been under pressure over a sharp fall in third quarter profits along with Income Tax Department raids on some of its branches post- demonetisation.
Railways has to forego about Rs 7, 500 crore in a year in refund to customers for cancellation of tickets for various reasons. In any case, these berths are running vacant. Railways is launching a new scheme from April as part of which wait- listed passengers can get confirmed accommodation in the next alternative train if they opt for the same while booking their tickets. So whatever we can save in refund is going to be a neat save for us. ( WITH INPUTS FROM PTI)
Singh, his friend Ashok Yadav, his driver and a bodyguard were killed in the shootout today evening. Neeraj Singh had recently contested the Assembly election on Congress ticket but lost. The driver, bodyguard and Ashok Yadav were hit multiple times, ADG RK Malik said. Meanwhile, Chief Minister Raghubar Das has directed the DGP to maintain law and order in Dhanbad following the incident and asked him to nab the attackers as soon as possible.
Advocate Prashant Pophale appearing for the Maharashtra Association for Resident Doctors ( MARD) pointed out that there have been three incidents wherein patients' relatives have beaten up doctors in Dhule, Mumbai ( Sion Hospital) and Nashik in the last few days. WHY THE PUBLIC ANARCHY, ASKS CHIEF JUSTICE CHELLUR Chief Justice Chellur asked, " Why the public anarchy? But Chief Justice Chellur was of the opinion that the resident doctors cannot put the public at large in trouble. " It' s a shame. How can you ( resident doctors) say first provide security only then we will work? "
The team includes Vinay Sahasrabuddhe, Jitendra Singh, Nirmala Sitharaman, Sanjeev Balyan and Shyam Jaju. " The Phogat sisters, Geeta and Babita, too will campaign for the BJP in the run up to the MCD polls, while talks with cricketer Shikhar Dhawan are yet to be finalised. Prominent among the big faces are Amit Shah and Union minister M Venkaiah Naidu who are likely to address a convention of polling booth in- charges at the Ramlila Maidan on March 25. We are answerable only to the public, not to the councillors, " he said. ALSO READ:
( WATCH: Team India lands in Dharamsala for series finale) Speaking to India Today, Ganguly had himself rated Jadeja ahead of Ashwin in the current series, even before his form was reflected in the ICC rankings. " With the bowling machine â? ? ï¸? If you look at this series and the series against England he has just started to come out of the shadow of Ravi Ashwin. « @ imjadejapic.
But the one who has surprised the Income Tax ( IT) department is comedian- actor Kapil Sharma, whose income has shot up by almost 206 per cent in just one year. Indiatoday. Actor Salman Khan once again proved to be the Sultan of Bollywood by paying the highest advance tax after beating Akshay Kumar and Hrithik Roshan in the financial year 2016- 17.
The apex court bench, headed by Chief Justice Jagdish Singh Khekar, gave the Central government and the Reserve Bank of India two weeks' time to reply to the notice. ALSO READ: Demonetisation is Modi' s Napoleon moment: Amartya Sen to India Today
twitter. They are scheduled to meet external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj at 2pm. @ htdelhi pic. Asif Nizami, the head priest, and his nephew Nazim Nizami had gone on pilgrimage to Pakistan on March 8. ? Later in the day, Pakistan conveyed to India that the two missing clerics had been ?
We sent him to play ( Vijay Hazare) , wanted to give him match practice. Kohli had earlier said Shami remains in the scheme of things for the last Test. " The four- match series currently stands 1- 1 after Australia stunned India by 333 runs in the opening Test in Pune before Kohli' s men bounced back beautifully to win the second Test in Bengaluru by 75 runs to level the series. Kohli had won six consecutive series before the Australia.
s Mahipalpur. s intelligence agency ISI? s help, ? s anti- terror squad, in a case when he had escaped from the custody of the Punjab police while being produced at the Tis Hazari Court in Delhi in 2004. ? ? According to the joint CP, Babla?
Tibetan religious leader Dalai Lama today warned that the global terrorist crisis is fast reaching the nuclear threshold. He was addressing a gathering at the Karshni Mahotsava in Mathura after which he headed to Agra. Commenting on the political changes in several countries recently, including the United States, the Dalai Lama said that change is the universal truth, but only the change that takes place in the hearts of the people. " The spiritual leader also visited the Raman Reti Ashram, where a religious programme was organised.
Later when we went to the doctor, the X- ray showed a hairline fracture. Sanjay Dutt, who is currently busy shooting for his comeback film Bhoomi in Agra, was injured on the sets yesterday. He is truly a phenomenal person and actor. " Aditi Rao Hydari plays Sanjay Dutt' s daughter and the titular character.
He' s our physio. I could not understand. If I was to do anything, ( I was inferring) he did a pretty terrific job to get Virat back on the field after that shoulder, " Smith said. India and Australia contests have always seen sparks flying, be it " Monkeygate" or Ricky Ponting playing an umpire on the field or Kohli' s finger gesture to the Sydney crowd during his first tour Down Under. The fact Kohli has not been sanctioned for calling the Australians systematic cheats or his latest unfounded attack on Smith shows that he is completely untouchable. " ' KOHLI, AUSTRALIA' S NO.
com. But the left- arm pacer, far from the maddening action in India, did not want to miss out on the banter and sledging that has dominated the series and took a nasty dig at star India off- spinner Ravichandran Ashwin, promising to hit him on the head when he next visited Australia. ( Virat Kohli alleges Australia of disrespecting team physio Patrick Farhart) As Australia stuttered and stumbled in their 188- run chase on a tricky Bengaluru pitch in the second Test, Ashwin, who had rocked the visitors with three wickets before tea, snuffed out the dangerous Starc. As part of the celebrations, Ashwin rubbed his forehead with his index finger. While India' s players have been matured enough to leave the onfield rivalry behind, Starc' s latest comments could pave the way for another controversy.
The posters were removed immediately. He has now been suspended. According to reports, the missing poster was put up by secretary in the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee Rajesh Singh, who however denied them.
Kher tells IndiaToday. The problem is that if a bunch of 10 people doing something like this gets nationally covered, then they know that this is how they will get noticed. Just because everyone may not agree with me, does not mean I will stop putting forth what I want to say. . Anupam Kher, who was the censor chief from 2003- 04, also said that the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) rules need to be revisited. " But when Sanjay Leela Bhansali is thrashed and his Padmavati sets are attacked for allegedly distorting the glorious Rajput history, does it not smack of intolerance?
The Vice President of Marketing at Arton Capital- - a firm that headlines " interactive passport database, Passport Index, " believes that while essentially the colours are limited, nations experiment with the hues of these four primary shades that can be attributed to " many possible scenarios. " These nations include India, North America, South America, Australia among others. China, Serbia, Latvia among others are examples.
72 lakh crore and figures at No. Post- merger, with assets of approximately Rs 40 lakh crore, it will be among the top 50 banks in the world. SBI Chief Economist Soumya Kanti Ghosh told IANS that, post- merger, the bank will be at No. 45. We will keep their structure in place till April 24 and, post that, we will start dismantling the associate banks' controlling offices, which includes head offices, regional offices, zonal offices and network offices, " Khara said. MANAGING DIRECTOR' s VIEW" We will have to get the balance sheets of the associate banks audited a day prior to the merger, that is, on March 31.
In a scenario like this, newly- anointed CM Yogi Adityanath has found support from an unusual quarter. There is no need to start attacking him from the first day, " said Ram Gopal Yadav as Gorakhpur MP Adityanath spent his first day in the chief minister' s office today. Samajwadi Party leader and former chief minister Akhilesh Yadav' s uncle Ram Gopal Yadav said one should give Yogi Adityanath at least six months to start work and deliver on the BJP' s promises to people in Uttar Pradesh. " As father and son try to put up a united face after election, many expect the party to take some tough decisions to put the house in order.
" Our High Commission officials met Mohammadia Begum and she expressed her desire to return to India. " Meanwhile, Mohammedi Begum ( the name on her passport) spoke to her mother Hajara Begum over phone and informed that her husband Muhammad Younis beat her up and locked her in a room after Indian High Commission officials met her. After 12 years of marriage, Begum got a shock when Younis, who had lost his job, disclosed that he was a Pakistani. Mohammedi Begum had visited Hyderabad in 2012. ( With inputs from IANS)
We also have a majority in the Lok Sabha. Union Minister for Water Recourses Uma Bharti on Monday sais that the ruling Bhartiya Janta Party will have to stay alert and on a continuous vigil as there was no Opposition in the country. " The biggest take away of this election is that the popularity of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has increased from what it was in May 2014 but at the same time we can see that that there is no Opposition. This puts an additional responsibility on the BJP, " Bharti said.
Ansal surrendered around 5- 5. 30 PM. A bench headed by Justice Gogoi, in a 2: 1 majority verdict on February 9, had granted relief to 76- year- old Sushil Ansal considering age- related complications by awarding him the jail term already undergone and had asked Gopal to surrender in four weeks to serve the remaining jail term. Over 100 people were injured in the subsequent stampede.
On Saturday ( March 18) , all people present at the Conclave got a taste of Karan Johar' s wit, Alia Bhatt' s refreshing take on life and Shah Rukh Khan' s lessons in romancing women. However, he chose to kill both Aishwarya and Sidharth because in his own words, " I do not want to answer this question. " I have reached a certain stage, but i feel like I am doing. I am being a liar. You have to walk the tight rope and do your best. Difficult explaining scratches on my body
According to reports, Chandrahasan suffered a cardiac arrest. , à ®¤à ®®à ®¯à ®©à ¯? à ®¨à ®£ à ¯? He was 82. I have failed to fulfill even half of his dreams that he had for me ( sic) . " My uncle chandrahasan , father of Anu Hasan . He was at his daughter Anu Hasan' s residence at the time of his death on Saturday, " a source was quoted by IANS. On the work front, Kamal Haasan' s trilingual comedy Sabash Naidu has been postponed indefinitely. .
He was reportedly shot at by two unidentified gunmen who came on a motorbike. WHO WAS MOHAMMED SHAMIShami was a history- sheeter of Mau Aima police station. The 60- year- old deceased was a local leader. The incident took place hours after Yogi Adityanath in his swearing- in ceremony as Uttar Pradesh CM vowed to improve the law and order situation in the state.
Komal Didi, a cow vigilante from the Gaurakasha Dal, led the demonstration and had a heated argument with the hotel staff claiming that they are serving beef. Hotel owner Naeem was not traceable after the ruckus began. Jaipur Municipal Corporation ( JMC) has sealed the hotel on the charge of not discarding garbage properly.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan' s father passed away on Saturday, after a prolonged battle with disease, leaving the family bereaved. ! The actor also expressed his grief on his blog, where he wrote, " That call you wait anxiously knowing that it will come, and come it does to end all other calls . . ¦ The custom, the tradition, the visitors with the sadness and the embrace of consolation, the last rites, the carriage, the placement, the cremationâ?
It is very unfair to criticise Yogi Adityanath without giving him a fair opportunity, " he said. " A number of the former or serving members of the RSS, which is the ideological fountainhead of the BJP, have been appointed Chief Ministers recently. Uttarakhand' s Trivendra Singh Rawat is a former RSS pracharak, so is Maharashtra' s Devendra Fadnavis and Haryana' s Manohar Lal Khattar. The BJP today dismissed reports that the RSS had anything to do with the selection of hardliner Yogi Adityanath as the Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister and said it is unfair to criticise the decision without giving the Gorakhpur MP a " fair opportunity" to govern. "
God forbid. s breakfast programme. s ? If we factor in high- powered women in Europe as well, such as Angela Merkel, it seems we are witnessing a seismic shift for women to accede to high- level positions in politics and society. ? He doesn? he said. hard Brexit?
We have completed 15% of the construction work in segment one starting from Nizamuddin bridge along the NH 24 towards Dasna in Ghaziabad and preliminary construction of the package III started recently, " the official said. With just one year left for completing the project, the highway authority is not yet done with the bidding process for the second construction package covering 30 km. The official however, said that the construction of package I and two has been initiated. " The Delhi- Meerut Expressway would be an access controlled highway and 31 traffic signals have been removed from the stretch.
The treasure site, located in the intersection of Minjiang river and its branch Jinjiang river, is 50 kms away south of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan Province. Hundreds of meters of the river bed appeared after archaeologists dug five meters down, where they found the relics. " The objects have helped identify the area where the battle was fought and are direct evidence of this historical event, " said Wang Wei, a Chinese archaeologist. Archaeologists said the excavation will last until April and the team expects to unearth more items.
Bogged down by financial woes, Kingfisher Airlines was closed down in 2012. At the end of December 2016, the airline owed dues worth Rs 294. The carrier was promoted by businessman Vijay Mallya, who is wanted by Indian authorities for loan default and other cases. New Delhi, Mar 17 ( PTI) A parliamentary panel today sought a probe into defunct Kingfisher Airlines allowed to accumulate high levels of dues to state- owned AAI, which was in " violation of all existing rules" .
15 am. Sources said that Pakistani troops started medium machine gun fire on two Indian posts since 6. Sources said that Pakistan is giving cover fire to the terrorists so that they can infiltrate from this side. "
Aamir Khan possesses a Midas touch. All his films are almost guaranteed to strike box- office gold, and his last release, Dangal, was no different. An industry insider is quoted as saying, " Aamir himself has earned a humongous Rs 175 crore ( approx) from the film with the kind of profit- sharing partnership he entered into with co- producers Disney UTV.
His funeral was held Saturday night at the city' s Vile Parle Seva Sansthan Shamshan Bhoomi, where a host of actors, including Aishwarya' s husband Abhishek Bachchan and father- in- law Amitabh Bachchan, offered prayers. A Mangalorean, Krishnaraj is survived by wife Vrinda, son Aditya and daughter Aishwarya. ( With agency inputs)
The incident had happened when the officer ( name withheld) - who gets a salary of around Rs 65, 000- 70, 000 per month - visited the CSD canteen in the Madh Island air force base in Mumbai in February 2013 to buy something and stole one of the two black wallets kept there, an IAF officerl told Mail Today. The theft of the wallet could not be detected by the canteen officers for two days and an investigation into the matter had started when one of the wallet covers was found lying empty, they said. " The General Court Martial also found him guilty and recommended him to be severely reprimanded, pay back Rs 531 as the cost of the wallet stolen by him to the unit and also forfeit one- year service for the purpose of promotion.
New Delhi, Mar 19 ( PTI) Embattled Air Costa has seen an exodus of employees, including 40 pilots, in the last few weeks over non- payment of salaries. The airline, which has cancelled bookings till May, is scrambling for funds to restart its operations but is yet to make much headway in roping in investors.
London, Mar 18 ( PTI) A five- legged lamb has been born at a farm in the UK and named after a Tom Hanks character. The Bayley family nicknamed the young male Forrest in the hope his extra limb gives him the same love of running as film character Forrest Gump. The extra limb, which sits just behind Forrests left front leg, is slightly shorter than the other four so is not interfering with his mobility at the farm in Ashbourne.
. Kurz pointed out that whoever was informed about the demonetisation policy ahead of its introduction ( sort of insider trading) could have used the information and laundered money. The Indian economy is going pretty strong, Kurtz said, adding however that not well thought out policies such as the demonetisation project have the potential of affecting it badly. Kurz is a professor of economics at the University of Graz, Austria. Noting that while the goal of fighting corruption is laudable, he said: " I consider it to be singularly naive to think that this can be done by banning some banknotes. "
In 2003, Radha had booked a ticket in AC 3- tier in Kongu Express to attend a religious ceremony of her grandson in Secunderabad. It said once the passenger takes the ticket and travels by a train, it is the responsibility of the railway to see that the passenger reaches the destination safely with his luggage and belongings. She was carrying a gold chain, diamond rings, a gold coin and other valuables, worth over a lakh of rupees.
The launch of the service follows Dubai Airports launch of an upgraded free unlimited high- speed Wi- Fi connection across Dubai International ( DXB) and Dubai World Central ( DWC) in December last year. The service provides internet connection surpassing all other airports, according to a statement released here by Dubai Airports. The unlimited free Wi- Fi at DXB connects with just one click and offers speed that sets a new benchmark for airports globally.
The second Test of the series became a hot topic when the captains of both teams Virat Kohli and Steve Smith traded blows at each other. Kohli is now Australia' s No. This is what Test match cricket is about. I am an unabashed Kohli fan. ( Maxwell mocks Kohli' s injury) ' VILLAINOUS AS JARDINE' " Kohli believes in hard work and that he can do anything on a cricket field. He just loves the game and the challenges that go with it. " With the extra interest from fans and the media in a big series such as this, the contest seems to have become personal, very personal, " he added.
You may be a regular air traveller but have you ever wondered why planes dim their lights while taking off and landing? Also Read: Now, you can buy air- travel tickets on EMI
Currently, the Railways buys water from the states and its water bill is about Rs 4, 000 crore a year. " The Indian Railways Water Policy, expected to be rolled out on March 22 ( World Water Day) , will spell out the way forward for all the railway zones including colonies, hospitals, factories, workshops and training centres to achieve the goal of reduced consumption and increased use of recycled water. With the dual aim of conserving the precious resource and reducing its consumption, the Railways will unveil its water policy, a first for the national transporter, for extensive use of treated water from water treatment plants for non- drinking purposes.
Under no circumstances, any kind of dharna, violent protest will be allowed in Delhi. Entry of people to Lutyens Delhi will be restricted from today as Delhi Police has decided to impose prohibitory orders to prevent Jat community members from going ahead with their march to Parliament on Monday. The All India Jat Aarakshan Sangarsh Samiti ( AIJASS) , which is spearheading the agitation demanding reservations in education and government jobs, has given a call for a march to the national capital to gherao Parliament and to hold dharnas on the Delhi border blocking all highways to press for its demands. The students and parents are hereby informed and advised to take necessary measures to reach the examination centres well before the scheduled time to avoid any inconvenience in anticipation of the gherao, " the advisory said. Roads like Kamal Ataturk Marg, Safdarjung Road, Kautilya Marg, Kautilaya T Point Near Bihar Bhawan, route from Teen Murti to Gole Methi roundabout and Zakir Hussain Road for the commuters coming from Nizamuddin to India Gate will be closed from 8 PM onwards today.
Lucknow: Yogi Adityanath' s supporters demonstrate demanding that Adityanath be made Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh pic. com/ qwAR0WsJTl" The names in the media reports are pure speculative. twitter. While the BJP has decided to swear in the next Chief Minister on Sunday at 5 pm, it has not yet announced who is going to occupy the chair.
3 billion citizens and put together a new developmental model. . Mumbai, Mar 18 ( PTI) Days after terming the protectionist bent of the Donald Trump regime as a " blessing in disguise" , Reliance Industries chairman Mukesh Ambani today said its " high time" we promoted reverse brain- drain wherein our brightest talent come back and serve the homeland. " People want to do things for India, " he said. Our IT industry can focus on solving the problems right here, which is a huge market, " he had said in a stance which was seen as contrary to the prevailing atmosphere of paranoia and fear about the future.
One of the snatchers, who came from behind, pulled her gold chain. My chain was of around 1. The police is scanning through CCTV footage which has visuals of the IAS officer and the men on bike. 5 tola ( 16 gm approximately) .
She' s a nice girl. I always wanted my partner to be a simple person. . It' s not fair. I walked out of a restaurant with my sister Sana and the next day it was all over the media, ' Sooraj seen with a mystery girl' . I would not say a lot of films were offered to me.
New Delhi, Mar 18 ( PTI) Fastfood major McDonalds today assured its customers that its website and app does not store the financial data after an independent blog claimed that the company is leaking personal data of more than 2. 2 million users.
Jail has made Sanjay Dutt a changed man, and as it turns out, a poet as well. While the Munna Bhai actor was in Yerwada jail, he penned a number of poems, one of which called O Meri Aangan Ki Chidiya Hai Tu will be used in his upcoming film Torbaaz. He has a scratch version recorded and I was touched by one particular song. He readily agreed, " Torbaaz producer Rahul Mittra was quoted as saying.
Butt, who was the mastermind of the 2010 spot- fixing scandal during Pakistan' s tour of England, said that until people, who try to corrupt cricketers are also punished, it would be difficult to eradicate the menace. " We have seen players who get caught in this fixing racket get punished. I have learnt my lesson.
The two- day Houston India conference conference will begin from March 24. The Inside Story. The conference is designed to bring various constituencies that have an interest in India together and discuss with them the latest developments and the best practices of doing business in India, the organisers said. The GDP of Texas at USD 1.
The announcement was made on Friday by the Pakistan Blind Cricket Council ( PBCC) " Afridi is not only an icon in the arena of cricket across the globe but also a philanthropist and a role model in social works, " the Dawn quoted said PBCC chairman Syed Sultan Shah as saying. The PBCC statement also stated that the fifth edition of the tournament, to be played in ODI format, will be hosted by PBCC in the United Arab Emirates and Pakistan in January 2018. 37- year- old Afridi had last month announced his retirement from international cricket, bringing to an end his illustrious 21- year career.
INDIA WAS ASSERTIVE EARLIER ALSO' President Mukherjee seems to have served another reminder to PM Modi by referring to ' aggression' shown by Indira Gandhi during 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War. " Talking about Anna Hazare' s anti- graft movement, he said that agitation was a message that the Lok Sabha had failed in doing its primary duty of framing an anti- corruption law, a Lokpal law despite several committees recommending for it. " He is observant. 1 per cent of allotted time was lost to disruption. " Who will make law then, he asked. But, in contrast the 15th Lok Sabha saw only 357 sittings and only 180 bills were passed because the disease of disruption has crept in, " Mukherjee said. "
Mumbai, Mar 17 ( PTI) BJP chief Amit Shah today said he will " never accept" the job of advising the Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi. " I will never accept this job, " Shah said, when asked what would he do if he were asked to advise Rahul Gandhi after the Congress poor show in the recent elections.
A mass casual leave by around 5, 000 nurses at AIIMS today had a crippling effect on services offered to the patients as the emergency unit remained shut, while nearly 90 surgeries were postponed. Several patients were forced to visit other hospitals in the wake of the strike nurses went on, even as the AIIMS authorities likened the protest to " blackmailing and arm- twisting" of administration at the cost of poor patients. A 70- year- old Raani Bai, who suffers from kidney disease and had come all the way from Patna to be treated at AIIMS, said she had to wait for almost three hours before being forced to go to Safdarjung. " The AIIMS administration has already revised the pay scales for all its employees including the nurses as per the recommendations of the 7th CPC. "
The party was especially betting big on Punjab, which sent four AAP leaders to the Lok Sabha in the 2014 general election. ALSO READ | Congress to use Punjab Assembly elections results against AAP in MCD poll campaigns Delhi chief minister Kejriwal' s morale- boosting letter, sent to all APP volunteers, comes just ahead of Delhi municipal polls, scheduled for April 22.
SWAMY' S VIEW BASIS FOR MAMATA' s DEMAND FOR PROBEIn the video clips, Swamy is seen saying that the EVMs were made in Japan, but ballot papers were used even there during elections because the machines could be rigged to favour a certain outcome. I have not said anything, but I think there can be an investigation into this issue. " Let the issue be discussed" , Mamata said. Incidentally, Mayawati had accused the BJP of murdering democracy following her party' s drubbing in the Uttar Pradesh election, saying that the EVMs were tampered in such a way that only votes cast for the BJP were accepted. Even Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has raised concerns of tampering of EVMs.
An insider close to the film' s production told DNA, " It is producer Aditya Chopra' s vision that the film matches with an international standards of action and the crew is going the extra mile to ensure that the spy drama Tiger Zinda Hai delivers on that vision. So, obviously, there are a lot of expectations from Ek Tha Tiger' s sequel Tiger Zinda Hai, starring Salman Khan and helmed by the Sultan director Ali Abbas Zafar. Four years prior to Sultan, Salman starred in Kabir Khan' s spy thriller Ek Tha Tiger, produced by Yash Raj Films. The film has a tentative release date of December 22 this year.
But I think he is fit to play. Jadeja is going through the best phase of his career" India' s Ravindra Jadeja made two important points with his seventh five- wicket Test haul on Friday - that he is not in the team just to play second fiddle to spin colleague Ravichandran Ashwin and that he does not need dustbowls to succeed. Jadeja is going through the best phase of his career" India' s Ravindra Jadeja made two important points with his seventh five- wicket Test haul on Friday - that he is not in the team just to play second fiddle to spin colleague Ravichandran Ashwin and that he does not need dustbowls to succeed. The way he is practising at the nets it seems he is all set to come back. " It was just an awkward length.
We have had spiritual democracy. India is a vibrant democracy. Responding to a query about Rahul Gandhi, Gupta said, " Congress identified in Punjab with Amarinder Singh and it won the election. Nobody can destroy that, Sahasrabudde said. Noted sociologist Dipankar Gupta said, " The Opposition needs to have an alternative discourse not an anti- BJP narrative to check the rise of the BJP. On the question of having an alternative narrative, Owaisi said, " If you want to defeat Modi, do not become junior Modi.
Rohan: India' s intensity dropped in the final session of play on Day 1. They' ve moved on. ( Ranchi Test: Virat Kohli advised 10 days rest by doctors) Rohan: We finally got to see some action on the cricket field as supposed to off it with the DRS controversy last week? Yes the captain makes a difference but if he is injured you know then Ajinkya Rahane takes on. But you have got to give credit to the way Maxwell and Smith batted. His records phenomenal.
9 and 30. 2. 2 in the first two series placing him in the top three. Meanwhile, Deepa Malik, who became the first Indian to win a Paralympic Silver medal in Rio, talked about her early struggles and looked back at the time when she was given a difficult choice. 8, 20. I asked the doctor, can I walk to the operation theater and not take the stretcher. . Let' s just be alive. "
Godrej Group Chairman Adi Godrej and Housing Development Finance Corporation ( HDFC) Chairman Deepak Parekh batted for the Goods and Service Tax ( GST) . An ideal GST will give us a benefit of 100 per cent; the present system will still give us a benefit of 80 if not 100, said Adi Godrej, allaying fears that GST will hit entrepreneurs. On the government' s November 8, 2016 decision to demonetise high- value currency, Deepak Parekh backed it while Adi Godrej said he would have been more cautious if he were to make a similar decision. Whenever we have reduced the rate of taxes, we have had great success, " he said.
Mekhail Bora has moved the Guwahati district court, seeking probate ( verification by court) of the will of his grandmother, Indrani told the court in Mumbai today. The Guwahati court directed that if Indrani, who is lodged in a prison here, had any objections she should submit them in person or through a lawyer. Her ( Indranis) mother had nowhere said that in the event of Sheenas death her share will go to Mekhail, Indrani said.
Founded in 1744, Scotland' s Muirfield golf club is finally swinging its gates open for women. Believed to be the oldest in the world, the golf club will allow women to attain membership for the first time over the course of its history.
The 2 minutes and 20 seconds trailer has received overwhelming response from the audience, garnering more than 22 million views on YouTube. Cumulative views of Baahubali 2 trailer has crossed 50 million views to become the most watched Indian film of all time. 50 million views! # Baahubali2trailer# BB2Storm@ ssrajamouli@ Shobu_ @ DharmaMovies@ RanaDaggubatipic. twitter.
Buoyed by the party' s success in Manipur, Assam BJP leader Himanta Biswa Sarma has said that they are confident of winning 19 seats out of 24 from the northeast in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections. Reacting sharply to allegations by Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi that BJP undermined democracy by using money power to form its government in Manipur, Sarma said, " We got 30 or 31 seats not by luring people by offering them money. Talking about the BJP' s impressive show in Manipur, Sarma said, " This is the one state where BJP had no representation in the Assembly. Rahul Gandhi has no political knowledge. Also read | Manipur: Defecting Cong MLA Shyam Kumar made minister in first BJP govt, gets showcause notice He added, " Congress needs to get away from the high command culture and build regional satraps.
This is a problem of the community and the stakeholders within the community as well as the representatives from the state and the government must come and sit together to start a debate on this so that Muslim women can claim a human status, " the organisation told Mail TodayBJP: TRIPLE TALAQ STAND HELPED PARTY IN UPAs the party itself puts it, one of the major contributing factors, as it claims, in its victory was a definite support from Muslim women who were moved by the party' s stance on triple talaq as a repressive practice that needed to be done away with. " ¦all these things point to the changing scenario in India. Afzal also said the traditional clergy of the community needed to wake up. " Even the great grandson of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, a tall Muslim Congress leader of Indian history, extolled Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his " positive attitude towards the Muslims" . "
FADNAVIS AS DEFENCE MINISTER? Chouhan said, " I go out to people every day. Mehbooba also said that the Centre and the state government both need to think about phasing out AFSPA from the Kashmir Valley. GST council has approved it. Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti has rebuffed the allegation against Prime Minister Narendra Modi that he is authoritarian in his approach. But, at the same time being a big state, we are a big consumer state and there we will gain something, " said Fadnavis. " If some backward state gains and some better doing states are losing out, they should be happy. However, she was quick to add that in cases of international treaties if the states are affected then need to be consulted.
All three who are the eighth, ninth and tenth accused surrendered following a directive from the Kerala High Court that rejected their bail plea. Fr Joseph Therakam, who is the former Wayanad Child Welfare Commitee chairman, Sister Ophilia, superintendent of Holy Infant Mary Orphanage, and another Sister Betty surrendered before the circle inspector of Peravoor today. The accused priest, identified as Father Robin Vaddakumchiryil ( 48) , was arrested on February 28. On enquiry, the teenager, who is in standard eleventh, stated that she was raped by the priest at a church.
To make matters worse, CVC' s contract with TCS expired in December. After several communications, CVC director and Central Public Information Officer ( CPIO) Jyoti Trivedi replied on December 22, 2016, saying that " due to technical problem in the working of complaint portal of the Commission, it is not possible to provide the action taken on your complaint at this stage" . He was dismissed from service in July, 2016. In a severe setback to Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s fight against corruption in public places and his mission to promote Digital India, the portal of the country' s anti- graft watchdog Central Vigilance Commission ( CVC) has not been functioning for about four months now. However, if the appellant is not satisfied with the above decision, he can make an appeal with the Central Information Commission ( CIC) . Sinha replied to Kosia on January 24, and admitted that the " corruption case lodged with CVC required action taken reports copy" . Kosia has now made a second appeal to CIC.
Trapped Cast: Rajkummar Rao, Geetanjali ThapaTrapped Director: Vikramaditya MotwaneTrapped Rating: ( 3. You know the feeling. . Arranged marriage? " Shaurya asks. She nods. All too relatable if you have had the ( mis) fortune of hunting for a flat in a short period of time in a city like Mumbai or Delhi. Trapped is the story of the much- in- love- with- his- colleague Shaurya, who tries all awkward proposal techniques till Noorie ( Geetanjali Thapa) goes out on a date with him.
Very enjoyable. You feel disoriented. That' s largely because the National Space and Aeronautical Administration ( NASA) , the authority that controls space flights in the US, was investigating what went wrong with one of the missions that Chawla and her five other crew members had to undertake during their 15- day space odyssey in November last year. It was spectacular. For example, when the Sahara comes into view, the ocean near it is an emerald green. It is a very overpowering realisation that the earth is so small. You actually see all the colours. When you look at the stars and the galaxy, you feel that you are not just from any particular piece of land but from the solar system. A. Excerpts: Q. I was not hurt because I figured that in the end everyone would know what the truth was.
In the Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections of 2017, the Samajwadi Party might have lost severely to the Bharatiya Janata Party but Rampur MLA and outgoing Urban Development Minister Azam Khan managed to win his constituency for the nineth time, that too, with a decent margin of votes. He won the constituency for the first time in 1980. In the video, Khan could be seen scolding the officials for making him walk through muck.
They have been identified as Asif Nizami, the chief priest, and Nazim Nizami. The two priests were last seen together at Data Darbar Sufi shrine in Lahore and have been missing since Wednesday evening. His father was to come back on March 20. 30 p. m. At the Lahore airport my cousin was stopped by the airport authorities to clear some documentation and my father was asked to board the flight. "
( Virat Kohli willing to put DRS controversy behind him) " Neither India captain Virat Kohli nor his Australian counterpart Steve Smith have said anything about the issue in between the second and the third Tests. It is time look at cricket now. ( Test of maturity for Kohli and Smith in Ranchi) Gavaskar added that the banter on field should be less with the mouth and more with the game. ( Clarke, Ganguly expect aggressive cricket from Kohli, Smith)
Sidhu was administered the oath of office and secrecy by Punjab Governor VP Singh Badnore. However, Sidhu has not been designated as Deputy Chief Minister, as was being speculated in political circles.
Shreya Ghoshal sure is treading new heights. The statue will be created in a distinctive singing pose, and will be open to the public when the museum opens at Regal Palace, in the heart of Delhi later this year.
Rarely has a domestic match at this venue grabbed such attendance, but with Former India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni at the centre, all the commotion was expected. With Vidarbha managing just 159, the crowd at the Air Force Sports Complex in Palam was waiting for their hero to come out to bat. There were other batsmen who needed the batting practice much more than the senior pro.
The United States today said it is working with India and Nuclear Supplies Group ( NSG) members to push for New Delhi' s membership in the elite grouping, indicating that there is no change in America' s policy on the issue under the Trump administration. " However, it is not clear if new US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who would be in China this week, would be raising this issue with the Chinese leadership or if President Donald Trump is ready to take up the issue himself, as was done by President George Bush. Trump is set to host his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in Florida next month. ALSO READ
The " Dangal" star says he has never given an opinion carelessly and will continue to speak his heart out but in a careful manner. " Ive always been careful, I dont think Ive been careless in giving my opinion on matters. The actor was speaking at a special press conference on his birthday.
The move would allow anyone with Rs 5 in hand to access washrooms in even five- star hotels of South Delhi. ? the official said. However, we assume, they don? There are 580 public urinals and 480 toilets in South Delhi. said Goel.
Reportedly, the video, where Mischa can be seen having sex with a dark haired man, is an act of revenge pornThe actor' s attorney, Lisa Bloom, took to Twitter to release her statement. " And we will not stand for it. " Here is my statement. pic.
I was given responsibility but I could not fulfil it, I accept it, " Raj Babbar said. Raj Babbar has offered to resign from the post of Uttar Pradesh Congress chief after his party' s disastrous performance in the just concluded in the state. " We had a little down in Uttar Pradesh, that is fine we accept it. But as far Congress is concerned we do need to make structural, organisational changes, " he said, adding that Congress had an ideological fight with the Bharatiya Janata Party. There is no question of Rahul Gandhi stepping down, " veteran leader Digvijaya Singh had said  in response to media queries about a change of guard in the Congress top brass. "
Mumbai, Mar 14 ( PTI) Vidya Balan will be seen mouthing expletives in her upcoming film " Begum Jaan" , but the actress says she was comfortable with that as it was the demand of the character. Its no big deal. The actress said expletives are not uncommon in that area her character comes from so they stuck with that. " I cant be Begum Jaan and speak shayarana Urdu. "
" This is a conspiracy against me. PRAJAPATI BOOKED ON SUPREME COURT' S ORDERPrajapati was booked on a Supreme Court directive and an FIR was lodged on February 17 against the minister and six others for allegedly gang- raping a woman and alleged attempt to rape her minor daughter. Since July last year, the victim has been running pillar to post for justice but alleged she was being threatened to take back the complaint. Since July last year, the victim has been running pillar to post for justice but alleged she was being threatened to take back the complaint. Former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav too addressed a public rally in Amethi in support of Prajapati. WATCH: Rape accused former SP leader Gayatri Prajapati arrested from Lucknow
Umpire Nigel Llong upheld a loud appeal by India. ( Hope Dhoni comes to watch the Test in Ranchi: Kumble) Later, in the post- match press conference, Kohli lashed out at his Australian counterpart and rubbished his brain fade excuse by pointing out that the visitors had tried to seek external help for the DRS a couple of times before. What' s happened in Bengaluru happened in Bengaluru. " A lot has been given into the DRS incident I feel and it is time we focus on the remainder of the series. " I think about what I say.
Bhansali shifted venue for security reasons, but it is sad to see that the set was attacked here too. They should take responsibility of this. Interestingly, the filmmaker beefed up the security after the Jaipur incident where he was manhandled by members of the Karni Sena and accused of distortion of history in Padmavati. Moreover, Rani Padmini is a character that was first written of in an epic poem named Padmavat by 16th century Sufi poet Malik Muhammad Jayasi. ( With inputs from Shivangi Thakur)
In an interview with Navbharat Times, she said that as a child, she used condoms in place of water balloons to play Holi. " When we did not find balloons, we would fill condoms with coloured water and use them instead. A post shared by Rakhi sawant ( @ rakhisawant151) on Mar 13, 2017 at 10: 03am PDTShe recently made headlines when a clip of her changing clothes went viral.
A source in the know of developments said, " Majidi found his leading lady in Malavika as he was looking for a face, that could fit the character. " Theatre actor Malavika Mohanan has bagged the lead role in Iranian auteur Majid Majidi' s India- set film Beyond The Clouds. Malavika is said to have been handpicked by Majidi himself.
The statement comes days after another co- founder Sandeep Aggarwal charged the duo of downplaying his role in creation of the online marketplace. " We remain focused on working closely with Radhika and Sanjay and the management team to continue to scale the company as it captures the massive opportunity which lies ahead of us, " it added. Radhika, who is currently the chief business officer at ShopClues, said she is shocked by the unfounded and baseless allegations.
Speaking in Parliament today on the race attacks on Indians in the United States, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told the Lok Sabha that the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI) is investigating the hate crimes and assured the House that the Indian government is engaging with the Donald Trump administration over it. " All the help extended to me in time is deeply appreciated, " Swaraj quoted from the letter. The House was voicing its concern over the killing of Indian engineer Srinivas Kuchibhotla in Kansas on February 22 in an apparent hate crime, and of another Indian Harnish Patel a week later. Deep Rai, was working on his vehicle outside his home in Kent, Washington, when he was approached by a stranger, who walked up to his home' s driveway. March 2, 2017: 43- year- old Indian- origin store owner, Harnish Patel was shot dead outside his home in Lancaster County, South Carolina. HATE CRIMES IN USCriminal hate crime incidents reported to police increased 6.
Well, good job, buddy! Very, well done! @ lordoftheshibs Wow. It further said that they " couldn' t share this experience with anyone because of the fear that no one will believe" , given his celebrity status. When another Twitter user brought to Joshi' s attention the new Reddit post, claiming he is a " great guy" , and rubbishing the sexual harassment claims, Joshi just ' sighed' . Kucch bhi.
With JDU- RJD on warpath post UP verdict, BJP says Nitish Kumar will not complete his tenure as Bihar chief minister. With the ruling JDU- RJD alliance in Bihar on warpath post the Uttar Pradesh election verdict, the BJP has predicted that Nitish Kumar will not be able to complete his full term as chief minister. " On Tuesday, Singh once again made a blistering attack on Nitish claiming JDU by not contesting UP polls had silently supported the BJP. "
Chennai, Mar 14 ( PTI) : Alarmed that " Tamil Nadu may become another Punjab one day" due to easy availability of tobacco products to young students, the Madras High Court today asked authorities to conduct preventive raids to check the malady. " The bench asked the authorities to seize tobacco products as per Section 14 of the Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products ( Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution Act, 2003) .
She passed away on December 5 after being in the hospital for 72 days. Her death caused a major political stir in the state and even disintegrated AIADMK into OPS, Sasikala and Deepa factions. ALLEGATIONS THAT JAYA WAS KILLEDAmidst all this commotion, Krishnamurthy, a resident of Erode, has filed a complaint with chief secretary of the state claiming that he is the only son of Jayalalithaa and that his mother was killed. She pushed my mother down the stairs on 22nd September and killed her, " he stated.
17 billion arbitral award granted in favour of Japanese telecom major NTT Docomo for Tata Sons alleged breach of its agreement. New Delhi, Mar 14 ( PTI) The RBI today told the Delhi High Court that it wants to take a fresh look into the USD 1. They said that on March 8, the court had asked RBI to make its stand clear by showing the rule, regulation or circular under which the banks permission is required before transfer of money overseas under the award. This contention was opposed by senior advocates Kapil Sibal and Darius Khambata, appearing for Docomo and Tata Sons respectively.
Those behind this heinous crime should be dealt with, without any delay, " Sharif ordered Federal Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar Ali Khan. " From Sajjad Hussain Islamabad, Mar 14 ( PTI) Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif today ordered authorities to take immediate action against blasphemous content on the social media and remove sacrilegious contents and punish the perpetrators, days after a high court order. " Those responsible for blasphemy should be traced and punished according to the law, " he said. The lower house also agreed that, if required, the government should take legislative action against those posting blasphemous content on social media.
madoun at the Open Society Justice Initiative said she was disappointed by the ruling, which she described as discrimination against people who chose to show their religion in their dress. s customers. In Achbita? s case the ECJ followed the advice of a senior legal adviser to the court, who argued that companies should be allowed to have policies banning the wearing of religious and political symbols. embarrassed? ? professionally competent? . Maryam H? less favourable treatment?
58 cr. Crosses ? India biz. # Ghajini first * Hindi* film to cross ? 200 cr. However, people from all walks of life have liked the film for its entertainment value and social message. Also read: How PK hit the 300- cr jackpot Akhilesh Yadav says he downloaded PK Aamir Khan celebrates PK success
It all began when RGV in a tweet advised Tiger Shroff to not being a ' bikini babe' and instead learn some ' machoism' from his dad Jackie. . It' s his thinking. " But everyone has the freedom of speech. He is a senior director, so, there is not much I can say to him. "
( Virat Kohli slips to No. ( Kohli' s message on Holi: Please do not harm animals on streets) " Virat Kohli' s captaincy is an iron- fisted dictatorship and Australia must brace themselves for the attack of the clones in Ranchi, " Watson told The Daily Telegraph. The war of words had started even before series had commenced and problems escalated between the two sides in the last match in Bengaluru where Steve Smith got involved in the DRS controversy, prompting some strong words from his counterpart Virat Kohli, while the BCCI lodged an official complaint against the Australia captain and Peter Handscomb. One of the things I absolutely love about Virat is he is got such a deep down burning desire to win and obviously he is up to pushing the limits. "
( Australia respect Virat Kohli despite ' offensive' claims) The Australian skipper first turned to non- striker Peter Handscomb' s end to discuss the merit of reviewing umpire Nigel Llong' s decision but were quickly denied a referral when the latter spotted both batsmen looking in the direction of the dressing room. 2. ? ( Exclusive: Michael Clarke endorses Virat Kohli' s stance on Steve Smith' s DRS controversy)
The 34- year- old actress, who is currently shooting for the TV series " Quantico" in the US, indulged in an impromptu celebration on " The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" . Jimmy backstage after Holi with @ priyankachopra! # FallonTonight, " captioned the picture.
com. The actor, who is currently busy promoting her upcoming film Begum Jaan, was at the airport when a man asked her if she could click a selfie with her. The Kahaani actor screamed, " What do you think you are doing? " Behave yourself. "
Back in the summer of 2001, India were far removed from the modern- day Test giants they were - even on home soil, when a mighty Australia came to visit for a three- Test series. The Eden crowd was aghast. And when the much- hyped series against Australia got underway in the March of 2001, there was little doubt who would triumph. Sourav Ganguly and Sachin Tendulkar, the most established batsmen in the team, were gone and Australia were breathing fire. They were 254/ 4 at stumps on day 3.
RANE SLAMS CONGRESS INACTIONBlaming Congress leaders for not moving swiftly enough Rane said that had the party accepted the demands of the Goa Forward Party, which has three MLAs, it would be sitting on the treasury benches. " Reacting to the news, Congress spokesperson KC Venugopal, while admitting that the Congress' s strategy in Goa will have to be rethought, said, " Nobody will leave the Congress. " Rane questioned. People in my constituency say. .
30 am. " Officers MAIL TODAY spoke to said they are trying it ascertain if it was a " deal gone wrong" but, citing last year' s Bollywood courtroom drama Pink, emphasised the importance of consent and that " no means no" . " But he brought her to a friend' s house in Pandav Nagar where five of them raped her, taking turns. Cops have arrested the accused, who claim they brought the woman home for " paid sex" during a Holi party. A medical examination confirmed rape.
The question will remain a question until March 16. Home Minister Rajnath Singh, UP BJP president Keshav Prasad Maurya, firebrand Hindutva face Yogi Adityanath and another central minister Manoj Sinha are frontrunners but any announcement will be a surprise even to them. He struck a reconciliatory note after a very divisive and aggressive election campaign in Uttar Pradesh when he said government was of those who voted for the BJP and also of those who did not. WATCH THE VIDEO:                                                    Also read:
A meeting of all the party candidates and MLAs will be held next week after which we will devise our new strategy, " he said. Driven by the Modi wave, the BJP stormed to power in Uttar Pradesh after 14 years, securing three- fourths majority and demolishing rivals SP- Congress and BSP in the keenly- contested Assembly polls. Watch the video here: Also read:
Luis Enrique? Zinedine Zidane? Barca made the ideal start to the second half as Suarez instinctively drilled a loose ball under Lux to pull level, but they could not faze the home side, who soon set about restoring their lead. Suarez told reporters. ?
On his tenure as Defence Minister, he said it was difficult since it was a new department, but added he was happy no corruption allegations were levelled against the government, ANI reported. The Congress was confident that the independents and smaller Goa parties will come together to support a Congress government since the mandate in Goa went against the previous government. With Vijai Sardesai were Rohan Khaunte and Sudin. Earlier, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari confirmed that Parrikar was the BJP' s chief ministerial candidate in Goa in a tweet. GFP, MGP AND INDEPENDENT MLAs OFFER SUPPORT Three Goa Forward Party, three Maharashtravadi Gomantak Party and all three independent MLAs met BJP leaders today evening and offered their letters of support. twitter.
The Terminator actor Arnold Schwarzenegger and US President Donald Trump have been involved in a very public fallout. Sad end to great show. " In fact, when the actor announced that he will not return as the host for a second season, Trump tweeted, " Arnold Schwarzenegger is not voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad ( pathetic) ratings, not by me.
Kumar went on to analyze the BJP' s phenomenal wins in UP and Uttarakhand, saying that the backward classes have endorsed the Bharatiya Janata Party in the election results. " WHAT IS HAPPENING TODAY? In Punjab, Congress is all set to form the government, with the victorious Captain Amarinder Singh planning to meet the governor later today to stake his claim to the chief minister' s chair. Both the Congress and BJP have asserted that they will be able to form the government in the coastal state with their respective mandates.
West Indies batting star Marlon Samuels, who recently played the Pakistan Super League ( PSL) final in Lahore, has expressed his desire to join the Pakistan Army. Hours after Pakistan Army chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa met the PSL champions on Saturday, the West Indian, in a video message on Twitter, said, " For me it is more than just coming to Pakistan to a play a game of cricket, it is the significance and success of the team and smiles on the faces of the people that are sad. "
The Governor congratulated Amarinder on the Congress' victory and has formally invited him to form the next government in the state. The election of Captain Amarinder as the CLP leader took place at the Congress Bhawan, where all the newly elected MLAs passed a one- line resolution authorizing AICC president Sonia Gandhi and vice president Rahul Gandhi to take a decision on the new CLP leader. The Congress MLAs then unanimously elected Captain Amarinder as their leader by a show of hands, " AICC secretary in- charge of Punjab affairs, Asha Kumari said. Here' s the announcement.
38 lakh persons out of the 18 lakh SMS/ email queries it had sent to 17. The tax profiles of 17. 38 lakh distinct PANs/ persons which are under verification, " Minister of State for Finance Santosh Kumar Gangwar said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha. In a separate reply to a question in the Lok Sabha, Gangwar said during April 1, 2014 to December 31, 2016, the I- T department conducted searches in 1, 838 groups of assessees, seizing undisclosed assets worth Rs 2, 607 crore.
No, right? That' s class, right there. And Huma is making a point about exactly those people in a new ad she is starred in, and might we add, is looking super hot in: You keep trying to put me down . . Some people, however, fail to see that.
com/ r3mpCAMLdpBJP HAS A PLAN? twitter. With some votes still to be counted, BJP president Amit Shah announced in New Delhi yesterday that the BJP was in a position to form government in Goa. WHY PARRIKAR AGAIN? I have also spoken to Goa Forward party and they too will support if Parrikar is made the Chief Minister. IS PARRIKAR WILLING?
The party won a meagre seven seats. THE INSULTWhen Congress decided to contest Assembly election in Uttar Pradesh in association with the Samajwadi Party, the Opposition mocked it for playing a junior partner to the ruling party. Congress is returning to power in Punjab after a gap of 10 years but it was more due to the massive anti- incumbency against SAD- BJP combine and efforts of veteran party leader Captain Amarinder Singh than Rahul Gandhi. The Congress has long been a spent force in Uttar Pradesh and Rahul Gandhi' s aim of resurrecting it in one of the most populous states of the country seems to have hit a dead end. We have to take decisive action to build up the party where we do not have strong regional leaders, " added Singh.
The incident occurred in the dense forests near Kottacheru village under Bhejji police station, around 450 kms away from the state capital, at 9. Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh will not celebrate Holi in view of Saturday' s Sukma Maoist attack that claimed lives of 12 Central Reserve Police Force ( CRPF) jawans. Describing the Naxal attack on CRPF personnel as a " cowardly act" , he said that the sacrifices of jawans will not go in vain. "
It' s a thriller which revolves around Nana' s character. Now, according to a report in Mumbai Mirror, Ajay Devgn has teamed up with Abhinav Shukla and actor Nana Patekar to produce a Marathi film, to be directed by Satish Rajwade. I have been discussing the film with Abhinav for over a year now. In Marathi cinema, content is the king and I am happy that so many actors from Hindi cinema are showing a keen interest.
While the Congress still managed to win some seats, the Mayawati- led Bahujan Samaj Party was completely decimated in the Uttarakhand assembly election. I accept the defeat of Congress. 637 candidates including 56 women contested in 70 seats of the Uttarakhand Assembly.
Counting began at 8 am at 54 centres in 27 locations where the state election commission had deployed more than 14, 000 officials. The party has come close to winning a two- thirds majority in the Punjab Assembly and with at least 69 seats in its bag, Congress is far ahead of the likely second- placed Aam Aadmi Party. Incumbent Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal has conceded defeated and has said he will offer his resignation to the governor tomorrow. Here is all that happened:
A beaming Amit Shah, the BJP President, in his first media comments after the party' s grand success in the state elections, drew specific attention to its performance in the twin Lok Sabha constituencies, held by party chief Sonia Gandhi and her deputy and son Rahul. 2 in Bachhrawan, No. In Rahul' s constituency, the Congress managed to come in at second spot in Jagdishpur, Gauriganj and Salon, was beaten to third spot in Tiloi and came in a miserable fourth in Amethi itself. We did not do well here in 2014.
The city? The floatel will give a 360- degree view of Mumbai and the Arabian Sea and has a capacity to cater to around 650 guests. ? an MTDC official, requesting anonymity. READ?
Goa Assembly Election results 2017 LIVE BLOG: Will debutante Aam Aadmi Party fail to make an impact? Goa Assembly election was held in one phase. Goa went to polls on February 4 for its 40 Assembly seats.
# ElectionResults@ newslaundrypic. com/ AxCle4efLiIn a nutshell there is no leader today with a pan India acceptability who can take on Modi & the BJP in 2019. Demonetisation, what demonetisation? com/ ATo9PXtyQk@ KyaUkhaadLega AAP is ready with victory posters ð? com/ SR7may7Q0B  In # UttarPradesh, @ BJP4India has not left much to imaginationWatch # Verdict2017 : https: / / t. co/ TFg6M7I5XDpic. Live: https: / / t. co/ oIU1FtZewBpic. com/ lyQUr0PEGdBJP leading in Uttar Pradesh: Party workers celebrate in Lucknow # ElectionResultspic. twitter. and read ð? ?
Former Bharatiya Janata Party MP and cricketer- turned politician, Navjot Singh Sidhu on Saturday won the Amritsar ( East) Assembly election in Punjab. His rivals too are first timers. Attacking the Badals, Sidhu said Badals have made politics a business and for him, this win is a medium to save Punjab . " He tried to troll us on social media by hired ' pappus' , " Navjot Singh Sidhu said.
Whoa! # Baahubali2pic. As the country sits glued to the television screen to know the latest update on the elections, director SS Rajamouli took to Twitter to share a brand new poster of Baahubali: The Conclusion. . the man he killed. "
Rohan Bopanna and Pablo Cuevas yet again failed to click as a team, losing the closely- fought opening round of the ATP Indian Wells Masters to Novak Djokovic and Viktor Troicki, on Saturday. The winners logged 55 points, just two more than Bopanna and Cuevas.
Tata was speaking at a round- table on start- ups, incubation and financing innovations at the Rashtrapati Bhavan today. innovation sector and to be aware that today at the highest level in the country, we are receiving the kind of attention that we should have received many many years ago, " Tata said at the concluding day of the Festival of Innovations. . The government and the industry should share responsibility for creating an environment in the country that fosters and recognises innovators and helps them take ideas to the market, Tata said. "
Taking a jibe at Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, Adityanath said that it was the alliance which the former stitched with Congress that helped them win whatever few seats they have finally got. " Ram Mandir is definitely on our agenda. I will abide by the BJP parliamentary board' s decision on the choice of the next chief minister" , he said. Also read | BJP' s tsuNaMo in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand; Congress set to win Punjab: 10 big takeawaysWeb Exclusive Result TV With Rahul Kanwal
The fact that they are from the Late Jurassic makes these eggs the oldest crocodilian eggs known so far, " said Joao Russo of Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal. " London, Mar 10 ( PTI) The worlds oldest known crocodile eggs laid some 152 million years ago have been discovered in the cliffs of Portugal. This new discovery from Portugal extends the knowledge of this type of egg by approximately 40 million years, " said Russo.
Now the doors are open and we could expect to see at least 10 Indian information technology ( IT) , pharmaceutical and telecom companies follow Infosys' example over the next two years. Infosys, the Bangalore- based software trailblazer, created history on March 11 by becoming the first Indian- registered company to list on Nasdaq, one of the two major stock exchanges in the US. It is the popular perception that it is an exchange predominantly for IT companies, since its stars have been names like Microsoft, Intel, Oracle and Netscape. Over 80 per cent of its revenues are generated in North America. There are other differences as well - for example, the US does not allow proposed dividend to be accrued and requires current portion of long- term debt to be shown as current liability. The London- based International Accounting Standards Committee, a private- sector body of which the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India is a member, has been pursuing the cause of core, uniform norms to be adopted around the globe.
A note in the handbill also mentions a mobile number, exam receipt, a photocopy of hall ticket and copy of school/ college ID as prerequisites to buy the pen set. If your student does not pass his examinations even after using our pen set, then we will return the entire amount, " read a note in Gujarati in the handbill. Do you wish your child passes his Class 8, 9, SSC, HSC or College exams? Also read: CBSE Board Exam 2017 begins today: Mobile app launched to locate exam centreCBSE Class 10 Board Exam: Assessment scheme revised
The BJP MP took potshots at both Nehru and the Left dominated JNU campus, saying " Jawaharlal Nehru has left students of JNU as his political successors. " " Incitement is an offence. Gathering people and asking them to incite riots is spiteful.
New Delhi, Mar 10 ( PTI) There are 74 missing defence personnel, including 54 prisoners of war, believed to be in Pakistani jails, the government has said. However, Pakistan does not acknowledge the presence of any Indian PoW in its custody, she added.
Who could be the CM? 1977- 80: JANATA EXPERIMENTRiding on anti- Indira Gandhi wave, Janata Party swept the parliamentary polls held after national emergency was withdrawn in 1977. Before 2012 Uttar Pradesh Assembly election, no Chief Minister had completed his/ her full term in office in Uttar Pradesh. 2007: PATH- BREAKING ELECTIONThe Uttar Pradesh Assembly election of 2007 proved to be a path- breaking election as it elected a government and a Chief Minister, who completed her tenure for the first time in Uttar Pradesh. READ| Uttar Pradesh exit poll results: How Modi- powered BJP bettered its strike rate as election progressedIn 1993, the political alliance of Dalit- OBC was formed as BSP' s Mayawati and SP' s Mulayam Singh Yadav joined hands against the upper caste dominance in Uttar Pradesh. 1989- 2007: MANDAL, AYODHYA AND A CM OF 48 HOURSWhen elections were held in 1989 VP Singh' s Janata Dal emerged as the single largest party and formed the government with the outside help from the BJP. READ| AajTak exit poll results: Why Akhilesh, Rahul failed in Uttar PradeshFinally Ram Naresh Yadav was made the CM.
This has come a day after RGV apologised for his distasteful tweet. When many celebrated the women in their lives, this Women' s Day, RGV said that every woman should know how to keep men happy just like Sunny Leone. Rakhi also added that RGV should not have apologised for his tweets, " Whatever he has said is true and I support him. Talking to media, Rakhi said, " Whatever Ram Gopal Varma said is right.
Another BJP member Maheish Girri introduced Maintenance of Cleanliness Bill, 2016 that provides for prohibition of littering, spitting and urinating in public place so as to ensure maintenance of clean, hygienic and healthy atmosphere in and around public place. The private member bill on Bhagvad Gita was moved by BJP member Ramesh Bidhuri.
forged? Last year, BJP MLA Vijender Gupta had questioned the quality of healthcare provided at mohalla clinics, citing the example of a pregnant woman who was diagnosed with thalassemia at one clinic and the report was allegedly incorrect according to a private lab. ! Delhi government? ? He also said that even if such a report a came from their labs, there is a doctor to check it.
Sri Lanka had earlier informed the Indian High Commission in Colombo that it will release all 85 Indian fishermen in their custody, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Gopal Baglay said. Days after the killing of an Indian fisherman allegedly by the Sri Lankan Navy, the country today released 53 fishermen. " ( With inputs from PTI)
Kejriwal is a cunning ambitious fraud with nothing in his head, and no different from that fraud Modi. Many people are still under illusionsThat was not all. I will raise my voice against any atrocity on Muslims, but I will condemn the stupid, feudal and outdated customs and practices of many Muslims, just as I will condemn stupid, feudal and outdated practices of many Hindus, e. g. caste system and looking down on dalits, " Katju posted on Facebook. But I do not want Muslim votes.
WhatsApp may soon bring your good old status. 95 allows beta testers to put up a status text message, which is reflected on their profile page. 17. Next tap on the display picture and go to ' About and phone number' .
At present, 34 cabin crew ( 30 female and 4 male) are grounded due to high Body Mass Index ( BMI) , " Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha said in a written reply in Lok Sabha. Sinha further said, " Air India provides enough opportunity to cabin crew to reduce their weight. Once the cabin crews are out of obese category, they are taken back for flying duties. "
Former Pakistan leg spinner Danish Kaneria, serving a life ban on charges of spot- fixing has appealed to the cricket authorities to have his case revisited by the inquiry tribunal set- up to probe into the allegations against Pakistani batsmen, Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif. I have been saying all along that the anti- corruption panel of the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB) imposed the life ban on me based on the statement of my Essex teammate Mervyn Westfield, who himself has told lies about me and had to be forcibly summoned to attend the hearings, " Kaneria told PTI on Thursday. I did not get justice, " he said.
Argentina football legend Diego Maradona announced on Thursday that he will be the new ambassador of the Chinese Super League ( CSL) . ( Also read: Diego Maradona given FIFA ambassadorial role) On his Instagram account, Maradona said: " Thank you very much Ms. Tang Qinghui for this opportunity you are giving me to work in China, I will be eternally grateful! "
She fled the scene and then told officers who tracked her down that she hit the vehicle because she was a vegan. FYI | | Leopard tranquilised after 7 hour operation, Kannur residents take a sigh of relief | | During questioning, Armstrong admitted being involved in an accident and fled for fear of what would happen to her license. They were able to track the car' s owner to Comer, Georgia, where they found the vehicle and a driver matching the vague description given by the truck driver.
At a time when the police is considered dishonest and the person donning the uniform often compromising with his duty, a police officer in Darbhanga has set an example. Indrajeet, the son of the police officer, had lately joined a group of liquor smugglers ahead of the festival of Holi.
The minister told the Assembly that the government had taken note of such activities taking place in some schools, particularly in parts of north Bengal and North 24- Parganas district in south Bengal. The minister was replying to a question on steps being taken by the state government over reports of some private educational institutions teaching outside their syllabus and curriculum with some hidden religious agenda. Also read:
? The move is expected to purge the problem of most private hospitals allegedly turning away accident patients to government hospitals over payment issues. the health minister said. Jain said. The patient?
Exit polls projections in Bihar were wrong. We will talk on 11 March, " the 46- year- old leader told India Today TV. " Refusing to give " an opinion on opinion polls" , Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi today rejected the various exit polls that gave the BJP a clear lead in Uttar Pradesh and claimed his alliance with the Samajwadi Party is winning the state. "
( DRS Row: BCCI officially complains to ICC against Smith, Handscomb) CLICK TO WATCH FULL INTERVIEWThe BCCI CEO Rahul Johri and Cricket Australia chief James Sutherland met at the Indian cricket board' s headquarters in Mumbai and, in discussing the matters at length, agreed the importance of bringing back the focus to the game and the much anticipated next Test match in Ranchi. Cricket Australia, who were also expected to appeal against India captain Virat Kohli and fast bowler Ishant Sharma, will not be taking any such steps in return. ( Exclusive: Michael Clarke endorses Virat Kohli' s stance on Steve Smith' s DRS controversy)
She kept crying for help but nobody came to the rescue of her innocent children who died of an electric shock. MORE ABOUT NIRMAL KAUR55- year- old Nirmal Kaur and her son Kulwinder Singh, 32, have been arrested by the police for practicing witchcraft. " We will take action against them. They are being given medical treatment, " SSP Bathinda, Swapan Sharma said. She had relations with some tantrics who regularly visited her.
The actor had been in a relationship with the producer for a few years and the couple was reportedly supposed to get hitched in 2014, but could not do so due to work commitments. . Congratulations pic. twitter.
s annual cultural fest Confluence 2017. Electric shocks, gas leaks and a horrific stampede? ( Manoj Verma/ HT? SRK had come to the college before too, but the organisers listened to us and despite the huge crowd, everything went well. that? Delhi doesn? I really love my fans and was really happy to see such massive turn out of the show. ?
SHE makes a difference, " reads a plaque at her feet. " As a steward of nearly $ 2. State Street Global Advisors, the Boston- based investment giant, had the statue created to push companies to increase the number of women directors. 5 trillion of assets, we want to engage with boards and management around issues that we think will drive core results, " said Lori Heinel, State Street' s deputy global chief investment officer. " A new statue of a resolute young girl staring down Wall Street' s famous Charging Bull was erected by a major asset managing firm for International Women' s Day to make a point: There' s a dearth of women on the boards of the largest US corporations.
The troops must resolutely safeguard the core and follow the leadership of the CPC, "  Fan Changlong, vice chairman of the Central Military Commission ( CMC) headed by Xi, said while taking part in a panel deliberation of the government work report delivered by Premier Li Keqiang at the annual session of the NPC. The troops must resolutely safeguard the core and follow the leadership of the CPC, "  Fan Changlong, vice chairman of the Central Military Commission ( CMC) headed by Xi, said while taking part in a panel deliberation of the government work report delivered by Premier Li Keqiang at the annual session of the NPC. 3 million- strong Peoples Liberation Army ( PLA) . Under the Chinese political system, armed forces function under the CPC.
Sports Minister Vijay Goel on Wednesday announced that a high level committee will be constituted to address the grievances and complaints of women sports persons under the chairmanship of Joint Secretary ( Sports) . Addressing a conference on ' Women and Sports in India' , on the occasion of International Women' s Day, Goel said the other members of the high level panel will include athletes, advocates and senior officials of the ministry apart from a woman sports journalist.
He ( Modi) is taking revenge on the people of Delhi for choosing us, and has been blocking our work, but we have done so much despite the hindrance, " Kejriwal had said while delivering his vote of thanks speech to the Lieutenant Governor' s address in the Assembly. . Vadra will eat him alive. He alleged that Vadra had purchased property worth crores of rupees on unsecured loans given by realty major DLF as quid pro quo for favours allegedly done to the company by Congress governments in Delhi, Rajasthan and Haryana. Watch the video here ALSO READ:
Berlin/ New Delhi, Mar 8 ( PTI) Qatar Airways plans to set up an airline in India along with the Gulf nations sovereign wealth fund, its chief executive Akbar Al Baker said today. We are joining hands with the investment arm of State of Qatar to start a domestic airline in India with a 100 per cent investment, " Al Baker said at a press meet in Berlin. " However, the revised norms provide room for overseas airlines to partner with a foreign non- airline player to set up a 100 per cent foreign- owned carrier in India.
. Women' s day should be called # MensDay because men celebrate women much more than women celebrate womenWomen on atleast # MensDay should not nag or scream and atleast give some freedom to menOn behalf of all men I hereby wish all the women a Very Happy # MensDayI do not know what men should be doing to women that day but I wish one day in year is celebrated as # MensWomensDayHowever, what obviously takes the crown for being the most Ramu- esque tweet possible is the one he wrote about Sunny Leone. Soon making short film on exposing sanctimoniousness of extremely antithetical multifarious perspectives on the phenomenon of @ SunnyLeoneMy short film on her phenomenon will bare the veiled centrally decomposed cogitations in all the mentally corroded naysayers of @ SunnyLeoneAll u illiterates who dint understand my earlier 2 tweets on @ SunnyLeone atleast go through dictionary unless u are uneducated for that tooAway from the hungama on Twitter, Ram Gopal Varma will soon have to flex his directorial muscles on the big screen with Sarkar 3. ? Starring Amitabh Bachchan, Manoj Bajpayee, Jackie Shroff, Amit Sadh and Yami Gautam, Sarkar 3 releases in theatres on April 7.
India and other members of the G4 have offered to initially forgo veto powers as permanent members in a reformed Security Council as a bargaining chip to get the reform process moving.
Officers said he was indoctrinated to a point where family members found it impossible to make him see the other side. " When Saifullah did not surrender despite persuasion by police, a meeting took place between top officers of the Uttar Pradesh Police to chalk out a strategy to discourage him from resisting security forces. The commandos saw a wire wrapped around his stomach, possibly to carry out a fidayeen attack. ATS commandos issued a warning and stormed inside the house. The rooms were searched, and Saifullah was found dead. WATCH: Lucknow encounter: Know Saifullah, the killed ISIS suspectALSO READ:
His story is similar to the thousands of Indian diaspora who have called Kansas home over generations, " he wrote. " We strive to live in Srinu? Our state has thrived because of their contributions, " Brownback wrote, adding that he would like to personally welcome Indians to his state. " He brought with him his immense talents and education and passion. Before they moved here, Sunayana said: Kansas was ( the) instant choice.
Female foeticide cannot be allowed to take place. He was in Gandhinagar honouring sarpanchs who have contributed immensely towards clean India movement.  " Villages with women sarpanchs can play key role and show the way in ending female foeticide, " PM Modi said. He further added that women have broken so many myths and they have shown how a positive change has begun in rural India.
( Bengaluru Test: Ashwin' s 6/ 41 seals sensational victory for India) The incident has left a bad taste in the mouth at the end of an absorbing Test match. While Sourav Ganguly, in an exclusive interview with Aaj Tak, asked for action to be taken against the Aussie captain, Michael Clarke told India Today it was unacceptable if Australia were indeed seeking help from outside the field for DRS. " If you look at the footage, Peter Handscomb actually suggested Smith to turn around and look to the support staff. From my perspective, when I was playing I remember having a brain fade when I gloved a ball and did not walk off. If this was a one- off, I do not think that would have happened.
The statement comes in the wake of the recent notification of the Ministry of Human Resource Development ( HRD) that said students will now have to provide their Aadhaar card number to get mid- day meals. ALSO READ: Aadhaar card may become mandatory for online train ticket booking
The beans " relax" in the " artisan- crafted" wine to absorb its flavors, then get dried and hand- roasted, resulting in rich coffee with a blueberry note, according to Molinari. According to Time. AND double the antioxidants!
The beautiful bird with brilliant iridescent coloured feathers was numbered at about 15 lakh in a study in 2007. The study says, " Bhasma and churnam ( peacock feather ash) were sold in many siddha drug stores in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Delhi Gujarat and Rajasthan, and is used to cure hiccups, vomiting and morning sickness among other illnesses) . " The Indian blue peafowl ( Pavo Cristatus) has considerably reduced in numbers over the years thanks to destruction of their habitats by farmers protecting their crops and poachers. morning is given for five days to get male child. "
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi launched party' s Delhi unit' s poll campaign for the upcoming prestigious MCD elections. . KEJRIWAL KNOWS HOW TO USE THE ANGER OF DELHIITESNarrating an incident involving an AAP strategist, Rahul Gandhi said , " Someone from AAP came to meet me. And we make an effort to listen to all and run out governments unlike BJP and AAP, " said Gandhi. Polls are being held in Uttar Pradesh. ?
That' s his nature. Having partnered Dhoni in a brief 27- run partnership in a T20I against England in Kanpur last month, Rasool was awestruck to see his game- reading capability from the other end. . It was a great opportunity for our youngsters who have seen Dhoni only on TV. You should not get out in nets.
Early on, the operation seemed limited in its scope, with the police using chilli bombs and stun grenades to flush out the militants. ISIS MODULE AT WORK? Atif Muzaafffar, one of the three men arrested in Madhya Pradesh, is believed to be the leader of the module. Saiful lived at the Thakurganj home with two other youngsters.
This will be PM Modi' s tenth Gujarat visit since he took charge of the PM Office in May 2014. pic. ALSO READ:
The film, which is a love story set against the backdrop of the World War II, stars Saif Ali Khan as film producer Rusi Bilimoria, Kangana Ranaut as the fiesty Miss Julia ( a character based on Fearless Nadia) , and Shahid Kapoor as Jamadar Nawab Malik of the British Indian Army. That disclaimer has gone missing. These are serious offences. " While on the one hand, Rangoon any which way, has not been getting any love at the ticket windows, this will end up adding to the plethora of problems the film is battling. It is a serious offence. Why?
Comedian Kapil Sharma, who invited the national blind cricket team over for his hugely popular The Kapil Sharma Show, has pledged to donate his eyes. During his interaction with the team members, Kapil was so inspired by them that he pledged to donate his eyes.
DETAILS OF THE BHOPAL - UJJAIN TRAIN BLAST The blast took place in the train' s second- last coach, which was an ordinary second- class coach, Indian Railways PRO Anil Saxena said. The others were undergoing treatment at a hospital in Kalapipal town, which is close to the accident site - located around 81 km from the Madhya Pradesh capital. ATS IG Asim Arun confirmed that Saiful was killed. Two coaches were damaged, and were separated from the train which later left for its onward journey, said PRO Jitendra Kumar Jayant. ( Inputs from PTI) ALSO READ
withdrew from Sunday? s Chris Jordan and the Middlesex batsman Dawid Malan, along with the former West Indies captain Darren Sammy, were among the eight who travelled as, amid a military- style security operation that saw the city in lockdown and bulletproof team buses escorted by elite troops, the match passed without incident. s Pakistan Task Force that has been looking at ways to end a drought of international cricket and stated the PSL final, while not simply a test run for the World XI series in itself, has shown cricket can be staged in Lahore. Clarke said. ? s security director, Reg Dickason.
programmes Mumbai, Mar 6 ( PTI) The Maharashtra Government spent Rs 8 crore from Contingency Fund to meet publicity expenses for the foundation stone laying ceremonies of various projects which were kicked off by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last December. The projects also included the " jal poojan" of the Chhatrapati Shivaji memorial in Arabin sea. " He had also laid the foundation stones for key infrastructure projects, including 22. The PWD stated that the amount was withdrawn from contingency fund ( CF) since the expenditure was of an " urgent nature" .
Akhilesh did what ' Aurangzeb' and ' Kans' did not do. he asked. BJP MP Yogi Adityanath has likened Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav with ' Aurangzeb' and ' Kans' , saying parents will now desist from naming their sons Akhilesh. " Akhilesh is now saying that he would develop the state in next five years, if given a chance, but what was he doing in the past five years? "
Doubly so. He' s loving; he is a giver and a complete family man, which is evident even in his movies. He added, " The only thing I can tell him out of my experience is that he should go with the flow. He cherishes and values relationships. Trust your paternal instincts. They' ll never misguide you. "
The Air Ambulance of Medanta Hospital with five member crew caught fire and crashlanded near Bangkok. The injured were transported a Bangkok Hospital by army helicopters, but the air ambulance' s pilot, Arunaksha Nandy, passed away in the aftermath of the crash. / 1Two other people, identified as Dr. Shailendra and Dr. Komal, are in an ICU in Bangkok, Swaraj said.
One Indian fisherman has been killed after the Sri Lankan Navy opened fired at a group of fishermen off the coast of Tamil Nadu. Four other fishermen have sustained injuries in the incident.
Delhi has its own culture and its heart. . Delhis people are very good. " It is only the AAP which can clean up Delhi as people know that we have done unprecedented works in education, water, power and health, " the Delhi chief minister said.
On March 7, 1987, a quick single nudged through the slips to a Pakistani bowler named Ejaz Fakih took Sunil Manohar Gavaskar from his innings score of 57 to 58 at the Sardar Patel Stadium in rural Motera outside Ahmedabad. He sprinted. It is said he has no mementos from the match in which he crossed 10, 000, but he would not need any: Sunil Gavaskar' s achievement always carries with it the power of everlasting memory. No wonder, even in the dry state of Gujarat that night, they sourced some champagne to go with the cake. - - by Sharda Ugra
Referring to when Warren hesitated and showed Faye the card with the winners name, Michael says, " I actually think Warren Beatty is the unsung hero here, completely heroic. If I was in that job, and I know Im Monday morning quarterbacking, which I detest, but I feel like if its my one job, if I heard the wrong name, Id walk directly to Warren Beatty and say you got the wrong envelope, heres the right envelope, and make a charming moment out of it. " To me, they are heroes and completely in the clear. "
5 crore in 1987. At present, INS Vikramaditya is the only serving aircraft carrier of the Indian Navy and the second one, named Vikrant, is under construction at Cochin Shipyard Ltd. WATCH: The story of Indian Navy' s largest warship INS VikramadityaALSO READ: INS Viraat: World' s oldest warship is value for money The ship, famously known as the ' Grand Old Lady' , was with the British Royal Navy since 1959 before the Indian government bought it for Rs 6. 78 metres wide ship was manned by 150 officers and 1, 500 sailors.
s largest bank with a far flung branch network) . The study titled Securities Exchange Board of India: Developing and Regulating India? According to the study, Sinha was reflecting on his past five years as the Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI) when he made these remarks.     " New Delhi, Mar 5 ( PTI) Capital markets watchdog SEBI may be among Indias most powerful regulators today but there was a time when people used to introduce its former chief U K Sinha as Chairman of SBI - - a similar sounding acronym but of State Bank of India.     "
Before this, the title of the tallest national flag in India belonged to a 293- foot- high tricolour that was hoisted in Jharkhand' s Ranchi. 50 crore rupees have been spent on this project by the Punjab government. Pakistan on Thursday had again raised an objection to the flag being flown at the IB, calling the act a violation of international treaties. Not to my knowledge.
The apex court has said that joint trial of the accused could be held in the matter to speed up the judicial process. The CBI has challenged the Allahabad High Court' s ruling to acquit Advani, Joshi, Uma Bharti, the then UP Chief Minister and present Rajasthan Governor Kalyan Singh and others. Advani and Joshi were present at the site when the mosque was pulled down. Also read:
The Padmini palace, located inside the historical Chittorgarh Fort, was at the receiving end of an act of vandalism by some men who broke the mirror work there. A police complaint has been registered against unknown persons by Archaeological department officials. The fringe outfit claimed Padmavati had committed Jauhar ( an act of killing self) to protect the Rajput honour and vehemently refuted that Allaudin Khilji had seen Padmavati' s face through a mirror or there was any romantic liaison between the two .
Los Angeles, Mar 5 ( PTI) " House of Cards" creator Beau Willimon wants Twitter to delete Donald Trumps account and even shared a 16- point argument as to why the President " should be removed" from the micro- blogging website. Adding that being the President of the United States comes with " a supreme and unique responsibility unlike any other user" Willimon wrote that Trumps tweets have a " real and significant impact on the business of governance, world affairs and national security. " It emboldens our enemies to take advantage of his flagrant shortcomings. "
After facing massive humiliation from people of her own community, Soni Devi left the village after the incident. When, the matter came to light a couple of days ago, the police hunted for the Dalit woman and her brother- in- law and on their complaint filed an FIR against the 5 accused persons, of which three are women. The incident took place on 22nd February. The three women accused however are still at large and the police are looking out for them. "
Pitching for Aam Aadmi Party? s responsibility, ? ? he said. Kejriwal said the BJP and Congress have been leading the municipal bodies for the last 20 years without doing anything. It is not our but MCD? Sharma said.
However, questions were raised over the show of strength with the Congress moving the Election Commission. Prime Minister Narendra Modi showed his might in his own parliamentary constituency of Varanasi, which will vote on March 8, yesterday with a massive roadshow. The Congress complained that Modi' s roadshow was held without necessary permission from the Varanasi administration.
London, Mar 5 ( PTI) Muslim women swimmers have won the right to race in loose- fitting full body outfits or burkinis while taking part in amateur swimming competitions in England. Until now, full body suits like those worn by Olympians have been banned, as they help streamline the shape of the body and have performance- enhancing characteristics. Once the referee has been informed of a swimmer wishing to wear a suit, as described above, there is no requirement for the referee to question the swimmer further, the ASA swimming management group do not want athletes being asked why they wish to wear the suit, " it says.
Such a deal with the German steel major could potentially lead to the formation of a European steel behemoth with blast furnaces in Wales, the Netherlands and Germany. Last month its UK workers had voted in favour of a new pension deal to save their jobs. Thyssenkrupp is under pressure from the activist investor Cevian and recently sold its steel venture in Brazil for 1. 3 billion euros.
When contacted by India Today, Bhincher remained defiant. In a video available with India Today, the BJP MLA from Makrana, Shreeram Bhincher, can be seen arguing with the toll plaza employee. At one point in the video, he says it is their marriage entourage. Their uncle' s ( mama) marriage entourage.
Dubey expects the bill to be taken up during the second phase of the Budget Session of Parliament starting from March 9. A BJP MP has moved a private member' s bill in the Lok Sabha, seeking reservation of five seats in the Lower House as well as one in the Rajya Sabha for residents of Gilgit and Pakistan- occupied Kashmir ( PoK) regions. " However, these seats would be kept vacant as elections can not be held in these areas. It is a matter of extreme surprise that the Lower House does not take into account this territory, whereas the State Legislature of Jammu and Kashmir keeps 25 seats vacant for the territory which is under illegal occupation of Pakistan, " said Nishikant Dubey, who has piloted the bill. "
There has also been an increase of 143 cases of attempt to murder from 2015 to 2016. Jammu, Mar 5 ( PTI) Jammu and Kashmir saw a three- fold increase in cases of rioting and a substantial rise in arson cases in 2016 which also witnessed five- month- long unrest after killing of terrorist Burhan Wani, official data showed. The statistics reveal there has been no custodial death in 2016 and 2015. Similarly, police registered as many as 267 cases of arson in 2016 as compared to 147 such cases in 2015, thereby showing an increase of 120 during the period, it said. Similarly, 39 cases were registered under Explosives Act in 2016 as compared to 34 such cases in 2015.
s AAP government, denied the allegations. ? The Income Tax department dealt a body blow to the reputation of the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) by attaching assets allegedly amassed illegally by Satyendar Jain, a senior minister in the Delhi government. Jain said in his statement that he had not been associated since July 31, 2013 with any of the companies. I am not afraid of any probe about my income details, nor am I scared of any political vendetta, but I reserve the right for appropriate legal action in case my name is unnecessarily dragged into a controversy. hostile?
The Unique identification Authority of India ( UIDAI) has rebuffed the reports of misuse and breach of security of Aadhaar data of the individuals. The UIDAI' s clarification has come in the wake of reports claiming that Aadhaar data was breached and biometrics were misused for creation of parallel databases by some interested parties.
Brownback said he was ashamed of the killing of Srinivas Kuchibhotla and the wounding of Alok Madasani last month and it was not characteristic of the state that valued Indians, Consul General Anupam Ray told IANS over phone. " I have not met a person like that in my life, " Ray said. " According to news reports, he later said that he thought they were Iranians. Also read:
He added that a majority of this will likely come in through the lateral route. " Besides, it hired about 10, 000 temporary staffers, mostly in logistics, ahead of festive sales to ensure it can meet the huge jump in demand. According to sources, Flipkart hired about 1, 500 people last year. 5 billion compared to a whopping 180 per cent growth in 2015.
The husbands are brothers, who decided to divorce their wives one after another over the mobile chatting app. They had married in February, 2013. Heena Fatima was divorced by her husband Syed Fayazuddin Hussain in a few weeks ago. Heena has been quoted in reports as saying, " Sharia law lets you divorce me, but who is going to look after our children? Heena and Mehreen have lodged police complaint in Hyderabad.
The intent is to keep it only for our usage, " Army sources said here. The Army has so far received over 30, 000 messages on the number, a majority of which were sent by Pakistanis who have been speaking against India and its Army. NO.
This is third term of Mahadeshwar. Mahadeshwar also served as a member of the standing committee. In this election, Mahadeshwar won from ward number 87 by defeating BJP' s Mahesh Parkar and Congress' Dharmesh Vyava. The party declared Vishwanath Mahadeshwar and Hamangi Waralikar its candidates for the mayor and deputy mayor' s posts respectively.
Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt have been frequenting the sets of various reality shows to promote their upcoming film Badrinath Ki Dulhania. Recently Varun had a wardrobe malfunction while he and Alia were on the sets of Indian Idol 9.
Earlier in the day, Modi Akhilesh Yadav and Rahul Gandhi held separate road shows in the holy city. The BJP is aiming for a revival in the state where it was in decline for more than a decade, before making a dramatic comeback in the 2014 general elections - when it won a stunning 71 Lok Sabha seats, its best- ever performance till date. Here are the live updates: Dimple Yadav joins CM Akhilesh Yadav and Rahul Gandhi' s roadshow in Varanasi # uppolls2017pic. com/ 2bN5rvsWSwPM Narendra Modi' s roadshow to reach Kaal Bhairav temple in Varanasi shortly pic. twitter. com/ n8YwQYepPiPM Narendra Modi arrives at Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi pic.
Around 30 teachers from the Ministry of Education in Bahrain will participate in this workshop which is being organised by ( EDB) , Pattnaik said. The workshop will be held at beach, where the participants will be able to create their own sand sculptures.
Amid controversies over drivers' earnings and incentives offered to them, Uber on Friday said that currently 80 per cent of its drivers across India who are online for more than six hours a day, make between Rs 1, 500 to Rs 2, 500 net, after its service fee. " FYI | | From video invites to drones, Maharashtra BJP chief' s son' s wedding is straight out of a Karan Johar movie | | UBER APPJain further said: " We cannot serve riders or cities the way we want to without drivers, so we need to ensure at all times that the app is the most rewarding option for them to choose. Uber rolls out incentives and promotions to introduce the service in new cities. Without doing this, it is hard to ensure drivers are compensated for their time when few riders are aware of the service, " he said, adding that as more riders use it, drivers would be busier and could earn more. "
Eight fishermen from Tamil Nadu' s Pudukkottai district were arrested by Sri Lankan officials yesterday. In just the past week, 26 fishermen and four trawler boats from India have been taken into custody. . They' re also planning to conduct a road roko on February 6.
The store is about 6 km from his house, The Herald reported. Patel closed his store and drove in his silver minivan to his nearby home where authorities believe he was confronted by his killer. A 43- year- old Indian- origin store owner in the US has been shot dead outside his home, just days after an Indian engineer was killed in Kansas in a hate crime shooting that had sent shockwaves across the country. Who would do anything like this to him, as good as he is to everybody, " Nicole Jones, a frequent customer at Patels store, told WBTV. From day one hes been amazing, just awesome, and I just dont understand the sense behind it, " Sadler said.
. kafi chhote dimag ke aadmi hain Rahul ( he is narrow minded) . Alleging that Modi did not only make promises to Ganga, but even struck deals with her, Gandhi said, " Modi told Maa Ganga that first make him the Prime Minister and then he will carry out the cleaning work. " Bharti, Union Minister for Water Resources, claimed the work on cleaning the river was on and lay a wager that the Congress vice president " jumps into the river" if positive results of the first phase of the project were not evident by 2018 " otherwise I will jump" . If its not, I will.
? With the two Metro stations and a railway line and major traffic crossings within one km, the Public Works Department ( PWD) wants to have the longest skywalk of the capital at ITO. The Delhi government has sanctioned Rs 54. said a PWD official. Shah Zafar Marg, ?
The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) has alleged that although Chief Minister Nitish maintains that he neither frames nor protects anyone, he is shielding Mastan and not expelling him from his cabinet. " The BJP alleged that the nation' s sentiments were hurt by the insult to the PM, and have threatened to carry on with their agitation in the street, as well as inside the Assembly. ALSO READ:
Now, Suchitra seems to have leaked private pictures of celebrities like Dhanush, Trisha, Hansika Motwani and Anirudh Ravichander, among others. Please guys - I do not even socialize with actors, I do not have any of their pictures. Verified info: apparently Mr Hacker thinks - by including a picture of himself in the leaked pix, he will not invite suspicion on himself, " one of her tweets read. The person who is doing this, wants me to deactivate my acct.
There was heavy security in parts of the state amid continual clashes with the United Naga Council. First phase of Manipur Assembly elections ended today, with over 80 per cent voter turnout being recorded till reports last came in. 3/ 40 in Kongpal ( Khurai, Imphal East) pic. twitter.
The temple administration has written to the government and the Reserve Bank of India on the fate of the accumulated notes and was awaiting a response, a top official said today. The famous hill shrine of Lord Venkateswara in Tirumala is caught in a piquant situation as it has received over Rs 4 crore in demonetised 500 and 1, 000 rupee notes from devotees in its hundi in the last two months, past the deadline for their exchange. Thousands of devotees thronging the cash- rich temple from various parts of the country continued to offer the junked currency in the hundi along with valid notes even after the deadline for exchange of demonetised notes expired on December 30.
AK Kathpalia for not taking breathe analyser test. Not long ago, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation had suspended him for three monthsAll pilots are required to take the breath analyser test before they fly. " Kathpalia is also accused of risking the life of former Prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh while he flew him abroad.
The Bombay High Court today asked the central government to file a detailed affidavit concerning death of nuclear scientists in India.
The actor' s bodyguards roughed up some local mediapersons on Thursday, who filed a police complaint. Earlier this week, the shooting of Sanjay' s film was stalled when crowds which had gathered to get a glimpse of the actor went out of control. However, he has since issued an apology to the mediapersons.
The AAP government has tied with 41 private hospitals in Delhi to facilitate 30 surgeries free of charge for patients referred by government hospitals in the Capital. Laparoscopic cholecystectomy: Minimally invasive gall bladder removal2. Excision of Pilonidal Sinus with Primary Closure: Surgery to remove an abnormal skin growth at the tailbone that contains hair and skin and suturing the wound12. Breast Lumpectomy: Surgery to remove cancerous lumps from the breast14. Nasal Polyps/ Sinusitis ( Fess) ? CABG: Heart bypass26. PCNL ?
Black money is a crime against humanity. The department also spelled out some salient features of the new Act: " Benamidar ( in whose name benami property is standing) , beneficiary ( who actually paid consideration) and persons who abet and induce benami transactions are prosecutable and may get RI up to 7 years besides being liable to pay fine up to 25 per cent of fair market value of benami property. " In 124 cases, benami assets worth more than Rs 55 crore have been provisionally attached till now, " an I- T report, accessed by PTI, had said. The department made it clear that the benami property " may be attached and confiscated by the government" and that these actions are in " addition to actions under other laws such as Income Act, 1961.
So, you can count on us to follow it. Google' s head of hardware Rick Osterloh confirmed to Android Pit that the Pixel devices will stay premium and there will not be a budget Pixel phone in the near future, with the company leaving lower price points for other hardware manufacturers. 0' / 5. 5' AMOLED display with Gorilla Glass 4 on top, 32/ 128GB of internal storage and the Snapdragon 821 processor.
The Madhya Pradesh policeman, whose weight problem became a subject of online discussion after he was " fat- shamed" by writer- columnist Shobhaa De on Twitter, today underwent a gastric bypass surgery here.
THE DISPUTE India sees China as occupying 38, 000 sq km of its territory in Aksai Chin, while China claims 90, 000 sq km in Arunachal Pradesh. Dai, who was the Special Representative on the boundary issue for 15 rounds of talks until his retirement in 2013, said that India " held the key" to the settlement and that if it took into account China' s concerns in the eastern sector, Beijing would similarly do so in other areas. Dai added: " The major reason the boundary question persists is that China' s reasonable requests [ in the east] have not been met" . " The gate is a framework solution based on meaningful and mutually accepted adjustments. WATCH: Why have violations on India- China border dropped in last 5 years?
Railway ministry officials said eight more routes will be identified soon. The Ro- Ro service aims to reduce carbon emission and congestion on the roads of the national capital region ( NCR) as about 66, 000 diesel- guzzling trucks pass through Delhi and its adjoining areas in a day. " These diesel- guzzling trucks are also the major source of pollutants PM 2. ALL ABOUT RO- RO TRAINSAlso Read
Fried food items are mouth- watering delicacies for many, french fries at McDonald' s certainly so. THE COMPLAINANT' S VERSIONPriyanka said, " It was my four- year- old daughter' s birthday on Tuesday. She clicked a picture of the dead lizard along with the french fries and lodged a complaint against the McDonald outlet with the Phulbagan police station. I immediately reported the matter to the outlet manager, who apologised and took away the order and offered to replace the same with fresh stuff. "
ALSO READ|   Uttar Pradesh election: PM Modi talks about hung Assembly at Mau rally. Is BJP nervous? On being asked why the BJP took so long in filing the complaint with the EC, the state vice president said, " The issue of rigging taking place on a large scale was raised in front of the local authorities and several names were taken out from the voter list.
Gujarat Home Minister Pradipsinh Jadeja today joined the long list of leaders, ministers facing a shoe attack when he was targeted outside the legislative Assembly. pic. com/ wTtzihRhSN ALSO READ:
The companies paid only 37. In November 2016, the court had banned Pepsi and Coke from using the river' s water for their bottling plant on a plea that these companies were depriving farmers of their livelihood, who were unable to take up farming activities. This is against the proven fundamentals of robust economic growth, and against the clarion call of Make in India, " it said. WATCH: Tamil Nadu: Coke, Pepsi available in retail stores across Chennai despite ban
. Clarke: Laughs. I am very impressive with what Virat Kohli said after the Pune loss. I think India had a lot of opportunities to get him out in Pune. If India can keep these four quiet in Bengaluru, they can win the Test match. ? They will go with two spinner - R Ashwin and R Jadeja. David Warner, Steve Smith, Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood.
We want to play to our potential in this match. ( India frugal with praise for Pune tormentor Steve O' Keefe) " There' s no question of dropping Ajinkya Rahane. Also watch: I consider Kohli as the best batsman right now in all formats: Michael ClarkeKumble felt his team needed to forget what happened in Pune and concentrate on making a comeback in the series in Bengaluru Test starting March 4. Australia won the first Test of the four- match series by 333 runs with two days to spare and snapped India' s 19- Test unbeaten run, shocking fans who expected the team to steamroll the visitors. This team adapted to different situations but last game we did not and that is why we lost, " Kumble said. It is unfortunate that Karun Nair has missed out.
The Chennai bench of the National Green Tribunal on October 28, 2016 stayed the 6. 9- km project from Chalukya Circle in the city centre to Hebbal junction in the northern suburb, connecting the international airport road at Devanahalli and National Highway 4 towards Hyderabad. Bowing to pressure from citizens and green activists, the Karnataka government today abandoned the controversial steel flyover project in the city, saving about 800 trees from facing the axe. "
is non- toxic? t expecting the rumours to be true, so took a fairly meaty lick of the top half of the cartridge, and it rapidly proved to be a mistake, ? , it stresses. I wasn? ? gross?
Mittal recently pitched for affordability in spectrum pricing that has gone " out of control" in the last few years, saying the spectrum surplus industry will not need an airwave auction at least in 2017- 18. We have done 85, 000 base stations last year, 80, 000 base stations this year. He had said the government plans to provide industry with an option to buy spectrum every year irrespective of their interest so that there is never a shortage of spectrum in providing quality mobile services. Its not that if I have got 2000 TB of capacity and I have to move to 5000, I have to double my investments. Its probably 20 per cent more, " Mittal said.
New Delhi, Mar 2 ( PTI) The National Human Rights Commission has issued a notice to Delhi government over reports of a dead rat being found in a mid- day meal served to students at a school in south east Delhis Deoli area. The students were rushed to Madan Mohan Malviya Hospital. It indicates towards serious lapse on part of the concerned agencies, " the NHRC said in a statement.
In a message to users it hinted that the glitches are due to " load" on its servers. On its own the service does not give consumers anything but opens the doors to Prime- only data plans and Jio offers. We are currently experiencing unprecedented load. Also Read: 56GB data for Rs 500: Jio Rs 499 plan is the best phone plan ever" Thank you for your interest in Jio.
In an interview to Mid- Day, Bhatt girl revealed that she pulled the plug on alcohol last December and has been sober ever since. But daddy Bhatt quit drinking years ago. And for her it is a way of catharsis to talk about her alcohol problem in public. " But she was no ready to go on like this forever and decided to put her foot down. " Alcohol is comforting, it colours your evening.
Tainted Indian speedster S. Sreesanth has approached the Kerala High Court with a petition seeking the lifting of the ban imposed by the BCCI, even after a Delhi court exonerated him in the spot- fixing case. ( Sreesanth writes to BCCI administrator Vinod Rai for revocation of ban) His stock fell after he was arrested in the midst of the 2013 edition of the Indian Premier League ( IPL) and was lodged at the Tihar jail. In his petition that was filed on Wednesday, Sreesanth said that the BCCI disciplinary committee based their report on the Delhi police report.
Here' s some good news: We will soon have an opportunity to ' Dine with Royalty' during a three- day grand event organized by eatwithIndia, the group synonymous with promoting regional Indian cuisine by curating unique dining experiences, mostly at homes of people who are proud to showcase their family food. Besides their opulent lifestyle and diverse cultural heritage, tales of royal repast often include mention of secret recipes, family favourites and a rich culinary repertoire. The curtain raiser for the forthcoming festival was recently held at the Embassy of Belgium. This was followed by a mesmerizing qawwali performance by the Nizami Brothers.
Sources say the facility may be rolled out in a month or two and the DMRC has already applied for a license from the Indian Performing Right Society and Phonographic Performance Limited. ? the official added. used by an average of 40, 000 people a day ? t annoy the passenger. Passengers traveling with Air India and Jet Airways can also check- in from New Delhi and Shivaji stadium metro station.
The remarks were made in the presence of MP Chintamani Malviya and MLA Mohan Yadav during an event in Ujjain. Last week, Vijayan had said right- wing organisations, including the RSS, have been trying to divide the country for the last several years. " The RSS is the ideological fountainhead of the BJP. The assassination was the result of a conspiracy, he alleged. "
All schools in Kashmir reopened today after an on and off break for eight months, due to the unrest the Valley found itself in after Burhan Wani' s encounter. Schools had to be shut, following protests by locals and clashes with security forces in retaliation to Hizbul commander' s killing on July 8.
Dehradun, Mar 1 ( PTI) Uttarakhand Governor K K Paul today inaugurated the 29th edition of the InternationaI Yoga Festival at Rishikesh, and said the event was growing in stature and helping the state become a sought- after destination for spiritual tourism. " It is only apt that the festival coincides with the spring season when the holy Ganga has clear pristine water from the snows which have just begun to melt in the Himalayas and there is fragrance of spring flowers in the air, " the Governor said. The week- long event, jointly organised by the AYUSH ministry, Uttarakhand Tourism Development Board, Parmarth Niketan and Garhwal Mandal Vikas Nigam, was inaugurated at Parmarth Niketan along the banks of the Ganges river. "
The attackers were allegedly shouting slogans against the BJP. The party said that it will take up the matter in the public also instead of just reporting the incident to the police. Also read: Manipur election: UNC vows to fight against Congress, declares support for BJP ally Naga People' s Front
pic. surgical strike? s ? The video is viewed as an attempt to garner public support against opposition parties and a section of Delhi University students who have been at loggerheads with the BJP- backed ABVP, which has been accused of last week? ? It was cultural programme, and I just expressed what I felt deep in my heart, ? Gorde said.
The Telangana government is building office- cum- residence bungalows for all MLAs, which will be constructed in their constituencies within a 500 square yard area. According to reports, the office cum residence bungalows will be equipped with facilities like- broadband network, digital video conference facilities among others. Meanwhile, CM Rao' s flagship two- bedroom house programme for poor is still battling cash crunch and land crisis.
On a specific information about some arms and ammunition being smuggled across LoC through some goods truck meant to carry Cross- LoC trade merchandise, a naka was put by Baramulla Police in Uri area. HOW TERROR GROUPS ARE USING ALMOND TRADE FOR SMUGGLING ARMS In December 2016, the National Investigation Agency ( NIA) had registered a large scale transfer of funds from Pakistan to India through the import of California Almonds ( badam giri) via the Cross- LoC trade mechanism through the Trade Facilitation Centres ( TFCs) located at Salamabad, Uri, District Baramulla and Chakkan- da- Bagh in Poonch district. Further investigation into the matter is on. There are an estimated 400 traders and 300 traders on both designated trading Centres. ( With inputs from Ashraf Wani in Srinagar) ALSO READ:
The 29- year- old singer was honoured by the Harvard Foundation for Intercultural and Race Relations for her work in her native island of Barbados and the charities she has founded over the years, according to The Hollywood Reporter. So I made it to Harvard. I just didnt know I would be in a position to do that by the time I was a teenager, " she added explaining that she has had a passion for helping people since she was a young girl watching commercials about how a quarter could help save a childs life.
The show became a household favourite because of its witty take on everyday, ordinary issues. The columnist' s most popular work, Duniya Ne Undha Chashma, was adapted to the small screen as Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah on SAB TV.
Among them are those that comprise different materials, which exhibit the merits of each component. To address the problem, the team combined hydrogels containing high levels of water with glass fibre fabric to create bendable, yet tough materials, employing the same method used to produce reinforced plastics. Tokyo, Feb 27 ( PTI) Scientists have created a highly flexible material that is tougher than steel, by combining hydrogels with woven glass fibre fabric, which may have a wide range of potential applications. Combining these materials enables a synergistic toughening.
Humans have sent spacecraft to the Moon, Mars and even distant interstellar space. Now, NASA plans to launch the Solar Probe Plus mission to the Sun which is about 149 million kilometres from the Earth. " We cant get to the very surface of the Sun, " but the mission will get close enough to answer three important questions, Christian said. You would think the farther away you get from a heat source, you would get colder.
The video was shot on February 22 when Mastan, a Congress leader, was addressing a Jan Vedna rally against demonetisation in his constituency of Amour in Purnia district. Senior BJP leader and former deputy chief minister of Bihar Sushil Modi said " regret by CM Nitish is not enough and Mastan should be sacked from the cabinet" . 2- 1. 3 per cent: Chidambaram at Budget Aaj Tak
Was so lovely meeting The Duchess of Cambridge this evening. We chatted about our love for Rajasthan and she chose to wear Pinkcity earrings, " Dongre said on social media. # katemiddleton # duchessofcambridge # anitadongre # pinkcity # jewelry # jadau # handcrafted # handcraftedjewelry # diamond # pearl
WHAT HAPPENEDThe AI 933 Delhi- Cochin- Dubai plane with 234 passengers onboard took off from the Indira Gandhi International Airport yesterday at 5: 36 am but was forced to return and make an emergency landing 40 minutes later after the pilot was unable to retract the wheels. Two engineers have been taken off duty pending inquiry after they ' forgot' to remove the pins last morning, an Air India spokesperson said.
This is the first study to use genome- wide expression data from many individuals to develop a biomarker of the circadian clock in human blood, " Hughey said. " Core genes are necessary for the generation and regulation of circadian rhythms. They can be compared to the gears of a mechanical watch. " Circadian dysfunction is linked to conditions such as cancer, depressive disorder and obesity.
s north campus after a protest march a day ago. We have also ordered an inquiry into the incident, ? ? s national media convener Saket Bahuguna. Delhi Police was also accused of beating up students and journalists and giving ABVP members a free hand.
Of these 13 women were killed after they were raped, while 14 committed suicide. The home minister' s defence of rape figures comes at a time when BJP leaders in Morena and Mandsaur have been charged with outraging the modesty of women. India Today cited all the cases quoted above to the state home minister and to which he replied  by saying that the police was doing its job and that no rapist would be spared. The Morena victim has alleged she was taken to a lonely place on the pretext of getting her a ration card and was raped by the BJP leader for two days.
After being caught, many of these kids reveal that they have no idea what they are involved in. Intelligence agencies say stone- throwing protests in Kashmir, which picked up after militant leader Burhan Wani was killed in an encounter with security forces last July, have now spread to rural regions. MANY MLAS SCARED TO VENTURE OUT IN THEIR OWN CONSTITUENCIES Though the magnitude of the problem has increased manifold, security forces feel that it is the lack of the PDP- BJP administration' s ability to reach out to the people that has angered them more. A video of a security forces- militant encounter this year in Hajin village of J& K has been doing the rounds not just in the state but also among soldiers. Major Satish Dahiya was killed in the gun battle.
Varanasi, Feb 28 ( PTI) Rashtriya Janata Dal supremo Lalu Prasad Yadav today sought to liken BJP- led NDA governments last November demonetisation decision with infamous mid- 1970s Emergency- era phenomena of forced nasbandi ( sterilisation) . " Lalu attacked Modi while addressing an election campaign rally here in support the SP- Congress alliance candidate and dubbed the Prime Minister as twin brother of US President Donald Trump, saying " no one knows what will the two do next. " It was not clear what made Lalu suddenly assert Gandhis identity as an Indian.
It' s amazing. ( Also read: Steve O' Keefe surprised by India' s batting collapse in Pune Test) With the smarting hosts unlikely to repeat the mistake of rolling out another turning track at Bengaluru, Starc reckoned he and Hazlewood would have to shoulder more responsibility in the match starting on Saturday. " I' m sure it will be a pretty dry wicket again, so that' ll probably help reverse swing there and it is something we will be working hard at all the time in the nets, " said the 27- year- old. ( Also read: IPL 2017: Mitchell Starc reveals why he parted ways with Royal Challengers Bangalore)
Being a professional I did not mind. ( MS Dhoni' s hundred helps Jharkhand sink Chhattisgarh in Vijay Hazare Trophy) It was an ideal situation for the ' finisher' Dhoni as the crowd kept on shouting his name in anticipation but Tiwary and Jaggi did not take a step wrong and complemented each other in their solid left- right combination. . But the only action they could have of Dhoni was his two run- outs and a caught- behind dismissal on a flat deck of Bengal Cricket Academy in the small industrial township of Kalyani about 50 kilometres from Kolkata. 2 overs to prop the lower order. SUMMARISED SCORES
Top sources in the Delhi police' s special cell, which is investigating the matter, have revealed they sent as many as 40 video samples of the controversial JNU event for forensic examinationMost of the footage, they said, have been found to be authentic. However, JNU student leader Kanhaiya Kumar raised no anti- India slogans for which he was charged with sedition last year, top officials investigating the case have revealed to India Today, citing forensic examination of voice samples. Also read: Ramjas violence: Campus politics turning colleges into battlegrounds, hurting academic freedom? KANHAIYA: HAVE ALWAYS MAINTAINED MY INNOCENCEIndia Today spoke to Kanhaiya Kumar, who said he has not seen this report, but added that he has always maintained that he has been wrongly implicated. " .
The Nokia 3310 will be launching in April, with the Nokia 3, Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 getting a staggered release throughout May. Thus, it is pretty clear that the re- incarnation of the Nokia 3310 has a lot to live up- to. What all has changed? Let' s find out!
New Delhi, Feb 28 ( PTI) MPs and MLAs should be recalled within two years from being elected if 75 per cent of those who voted for them are not satisfied with their performance, according to a bill moved by BJP MP Varun Gandhi. " As per the legislation, recalling process can be initiated by any voter of the constituency by filing a petition before the Speaker, signed by at least one- fourth of the total number of electors in that constituency. Logic and justice necessitate that if the people have the power to elect their representatives, they should also have the power to remove these representatives when they engage in misdeeds or fail to fulfil the duties, " Varun said. Once the seat gets duly vacated the Commission can organise a bypoll in that constituency. "
( Can Virat Kohli' s India repeat 2001 heroics vs Australia? CLICK TO WATCH FULL VIDEOKohli, who has had a record- breaking home season, became the first batsman in history to slam four double hundreds in successive series. Kohli is human and he had to fail one day. ( Never challenge Virat Kohli, he will come good in Bengaluru: Harbhajan Singh to India Today) These were Kohli' s worst returns at home in a Test where he has batted in both innings, it was his first duck at home and only fifth overall. I have not seen even Sachin Tendulkar do that, " Ganguly said.
# BharatJaisiJagahNahi pic. UPDATES? I am not alone. ANI ( @ ANI_ news) February 28, 2017Kaur? # GurmeharKaur' s view that her father was killed by war & not Pak was wrong for me; It' s against our nation & martyrs- Wrestler Babita Phogat pic. Bat me hai Dum ! ? It was just very witty of Viru to come with ? .
However, he later clarfied that he was only laughing at a joke Sehwag had cracked but he condemned the alleged rape threats made to the 20- year- old student. Bat me hai Dum ! # BharatJaisiJagahNahipic. twitter.
pervasive harassment? high performer? I really do believe they are doing great things. s disturbing. Until somebody stands up, nothing is going to change, ? The lawsuit alleges that after she raised concerns in the fall of 2015, management told her that in order to advance her position, she needed to achieve a performance standard in the factory that was unattainable and not expected of male engineers. neutral third party? ? I? . mental distress? com
She( Gurmehar Kaur) is a young girl, creating controversy over her is not right. His soul must be weeping that his daughter is being misguided by those who celebrate on the bodies of martyrs, " Rijiju said. PROTEST MARCH AT RAMJASMeanwhile, hundreds of students and teachers of Delhi University, JNU and Jamia hit the streets with a call to " save" the varsities from the " onslaught" of ABVP and " curbing" of dissent. Her mother said she has left Delhi. It is about the freedom to coexist, yet disagree, " a student said.
Best wishes to the entire team that won the T- 20 Cricket World Cup for the Blind. The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with his name on it. Keep playing well and making India proud of your game.
While 10 super cars were seized from near Akkarai on East Coast Road on Sunday evening for violating traffic, deeper investigations have revealed the story of a traffic policeman who defied norms and stood against the VIP culture. Soundarrajan, blocked the cars and cordoned them. The driver was later identified as Raghav Krishna by the cops and an additional FIR under section 332 IPC was filed against him. When he asked for the documentation, the drivers were able to only give them a copy of their driver' s license and refused to cooperate. All 10 drivers were left on station bail. "
TripAdvisor has honoured 343 beaches, including the top 25 in the world and local lists for Africa, Asia, Australia, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, South America, the South Pacific, the UK and the US Award. I am very excited to see an Indian beach making it to the top 10 in the world, which only goes on to show the spectacular beauty of nature that India has to offer, and how much this is being appreciated by global travellers, " TripAdvisor India Country Manager Nikhil Ganju said. The Baia do Sancho Fernando de Noronha in Brazil topped the list followed by Grace Bay Providenciales in Turks and Caicos, Eagle Beach in Aruba, Playa Paraiso Cayo Largo in Cuba, Siesta Beach Siesta Key in the US, La Concha Beach in Spain and Playa Norte Isla Mujeres in Mexico.
Vikas Khanna knows very well how to do publicity right. # royal The Duchess of Cambridge speaks to chef Vikas Khanna who is one of the presenters of MasterChef India at a reception this evening pic. twitter.
Bhopal, Feb 27 ( PTI) As many as 287 farmers, including agriculture labourers have committed suicide in Madhya Pradesh during the past three months. This information was revealed by the state government in a written reply to a question asked by senior Congress MLA Ram Niwas Rawat. While replying to Rawats question during the winter session in December last year, the state government had said that 531 farmers/ farm labourers had committed suicide between July 1 and November 15, 2016.
The plea will be heard on March 2. SUPREME COURT' S JUDGMENTThe SC had in an earlier judgment said, " It has been brought on the record that many of them ( bar dancers) have been compelled to take up prostitution out of necessity for maintenance of their families. Members of the Bharatiya Bar Girls Union knocked on the SC' s door on Monday against the " unjust and arbitrary" new restrictions such as curbs on body movement, ban on acceptance of tips and showering of money as well as serving of liquor in performing area apart from mandatory installation of CCTV cameras. You have to change your mindset, " Justice Dipak Misra had said. " Regulation is different from prohibition. "
Banking operations across the country came to a halt on Tuesday as 10 lakh bankers staged a strike against the government' s " anti- people banking reforms" , said a bank union leader. HERE' S WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW: ALSO READ | As demonetisation era ends, banks to levy cash transaction charge
WHAT IS SPYDER? Due to the lack of heavy specialised trucks, changes had to be made in the contract with the vendors and a made- in- India truck has been used for carrying the SPYDER system, which has been tested extensively resulting in delays, " the sources said. The force would receive a major boost when it starts getting the S- 400 air defence missile system from Russia, which can take out targets at 400 km and can be very effective against enemy AWACS ( Airborne Warning And Control System) and cruise missiles at great distances. ALSO READ:
A post shared by Abhishek Bachchan ( @ bachchan) on Feb 16, 2017 at 7: 22pm PSTThe two have worked together in films like Kuch Naa Kaho, Guru, Dhoom 2 and Sarkar Raj. In fact, speculation suggests that Abhishek is dropping a major hint through his throwback post on Instagram last week, where he shared a photo with Aishwarya from the sets of Raavan, that their jodi is ready to return on screen. # flashbackfriday on the sets of Ravan in 2008.
pure fiction? . s Institute of Legal Sciences and a former judge who served on the country? Ma? the way Polish judges are appointed, which at the moment is a job for the National Council of the Judiciary ( KRS) , an autonomous body whose judicial members are chosen by their peers. ? said ? s response rejects such comparisons. enhancing democracy and independence?
0 support and Android 7. 0 out of the box. As with previous Xperia' s, the power button doubles up as a fingerprint scanner. The Xperia XZ Premium is undoubtedly the company' s most exciting device in years and comes with a range of breakthrough features, the chief amongst them being the world' s first 4K HDR display in a smartphone. 0 for selfies.
Till the time they get the certificate, the sale of these cold drinks has been banned, " Sachin Shukla, Assistant General Manager, Western Central Railway said. The cold drinks being sold at railway stations do not have the required certification from the health department. The cold drinks that have been banned include- - Pepsi, Coca Cola, Sprite, 7Up and Mountain Dew. The Western Central Railways comprises of three divisions that include Bhopal, Jabalpur and Kota.
I spoke with ( BJP President) Amit Shah and ( state party President) Keshav Prasad Maurya about how we could have brought a Muslim to the assembly, " Uma Bharti told CNN- News18. " When Muslims do not vote for us, then why should we give ticket to them, " asked Katiyar. Uma Bharti' s comments met with opposition from her colleague, with Rajya Sabha member Vinay Katiyar questioning the logic behind fielding Muslims. "
Coming to the rescue of the ruling government, outgoing CRPF chief K Durgaprasad said the " situation in Jammu and Kashmir is better compared to 2016" . ALSO READ: Army chief warns of tough action against stone- pelters in J& K
In it, she was promoting cordial India- Pakistan relationship. I am not afraid of ABVP. Gurmehar Kaur, the daughter of a Kargil Martyr Captain Mandeep Singh, came into the limelight when she opposed ABVP by introducing a courageous campaign on social media sending a direct message to ABVP that students are not afraid of them. pic. com/ 8tLa3D59Fo @ thetanmay one pic explain everything # ISupportABVP# IstandwithArpitaAngkita# sewag# BharatJaisiJagahNahipic. # BharatJaisiJagahNahipic. ? . _ BJP?
Beauty of democracy, right? I am not afraid of ABVP. à ¤¾ à ¤¯à ¤¹ à ¤? » # BharatJaisiJagahNahipic. à ¤­à ¥? ' # FYI: Twitter is out with memes and jokes on Kargil martyr' s daughter for opposing ABVPSehwag' s tweet did not go down well with the sect of people known as " libtards and sickulars" but pleased the already enraged right- wing supporters. ? We do not intend to tag Gurmehar Kaur only as a Kargil martyr' s daughter, which she is and is proud of, but want her to be considered a citizen of India with the ability to think critically, has her own set of ideals and ideologies, and can speak and stand up for herself, even if that means disagreeing to millions of Indians. twitter. .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to address an election rally at Mau in Uttar Pradesh today. Mau ASP RK Singh has been quoted in reports that there is threat to PM Modi' s life during his visit to this Poorvanchal district of Uttar Pradesh.
In a scathing attack, DMK' s working president MK Stalin alleged that former Tamil Nadu chief minister O Panneerselvam was using former chief minister J Jayalalithaa' s name for gaining political mileage. Stalin, still holding his stand claimed that it is illegal and unconstitutional to depict pictures of Jayalalithaa on government funded programs. Both VK Sasikala and O Panneerselvam camps have taken extreme offense to Stalin' s statement.
very tough measures, ? Russian Bandy Federation president Boris Skrynnik told the Tass news agency. Two clubs in the winter sport of bandy raced to put the ball into their own nets 20 times on Sunday and now face disciplinary action. s reigning champion. Eight female players from South Korea, China and Indonesia deliberately made basic errors in the group stage as they tried to manipulate the draw for the next round. It?
On the eve of Maha Shivaratri, Rajamouli, in an interview to Indiaglitz, revealed that the war scene between Baahubali and Bhallala Deva is the highlight of the film. Speaking at India Today Conclave South 2017, SS Rajamouli revealed that Baahubali 2 would be bigger and better than Baahubali. The film starring Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Tamannaah, Anushka Shetty and Sathyaraj is slated to release on April 28, 2017. ALSO READ: Rajinikanth, wife Latha celebrate 36th wedding anniversary
New Delhi, Feb 26 ( PTI) Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar will address two rallies in the national capital ahead of the municipal polls, where JD( U) will contest all the 272 seats, taking on the AAP on its home turf. The first list of our candidates will be out within a week, " he said. Jha said JD( U) aims to tap the " discontent" among the AAPs poorvanchali voters base. BJPs decision to appoint Bhojpuri artiste Manoj Tiwari as its Delhi unit chief is also being seen as an attempt to woo the Poorvanchali community, comprising the people from the eastern part of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
And when the event in question is the 89th Annual Academy Awards, the anticipation is sky- high. While Deepika had denied that she will be attending the Oscars this year, Priyanka Chopra had confirmed her attendance by posting a selfie with rock legend Mick Jagger. Pee Cee' s Oscar debut last year became a rage and her white gown even earned her a mention in the list of top searched dresses of 2016.
Although some uncertainties remain around the design and pace of implementation of the GST, its adoption is poised to help raise Indias medium- term GDP growth to above 8 per cent as it will create a single national market and enhance the efficiency of intra- Indian movement of goods and services, " the IMF said in its annual country report on India. Key production inputs, such as energy and real estate, should be kept within the tax base to enable greater output gains and reduce the tax burden across sectors, the IMF said. Rationalisation of the structure of direct taxes toward a lower corporate income tax rate with smaller and streamlined deductions and exemptions should continue, it said. Tax reform priorities going forward include continuing the phased reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 30 to 25 per cent over four years, coupled with a simultaneous reduction in tax deductions, " it said.
He ( Patil) is family. I never felt humiliated as a ' buddy' , " Patil, who retired in 2006, said. Havildar Balagowda Raigowda Patil worked as the Colonel' s buddy for almost two decades, before the two retired from the Army around 10 years ago. " Col Ghuman retired the next year.
In August 2015 and November 2015, HSBC companies received notices issued by two offices of the Indian tax authority alleging that the Indian tax authority had sufficient evidence to initiate prosecution against HSBC Swiss Private Bank and an HSBC company in Dubai for allegedly abetting tax evasion of four different Indian individuals and/ or families and requesting that the HSBC companies show why such prosecution should not be initiated. " Due to uncertainties and limitations of these estimates, the ultimate penalties could differ significantly from the amount provided, " HSBC said, while adding that it is cooperating with the relevant authorities. " Giving case- wise details, it further said the Indian tax authorities in February 2015 had issued a summons and request for information to an HSBC company in India. "
. Asked if the spate of buyouts would leave enough room for competition in the Indian market, Deepak said, " Ideal is five players for India, which is what is likely to happen" . BSNL- MTNL. which is ideal. " Telenor India currently has 2. 6 per cent share in Indian market.
super fight? The Australian welterweight? Negotiations between team Pacquiao and team Khan have come to terms for the April 23 bout as this is what the fans wanted, ? Pacquiao tweeted. ? real?
twitter. After India slumped to a humiliating 333- run defeat at the hands of Australia in the opening Test in Pune, legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar has shown faith on Virat Kohli and the team, saying that the series is still wide open and that the home side will surely bounce back in the next match to be held in Bengaluru from March 4. That does not mean that the series is close. But it is all about how you stand back on your feet again and start competing and I have no doubt that the Indian team is going to come back and compete hard, " he added. This is what sportsmen play for, " Tendulkar said.
She would join the BWF Athletes Commission as a representative of the IOC AC, IOC said in a communication to Nehwal. Nehwal has received an official communication in this regard.
Gaurav and Sunny ? She claimed that the men took advantage of her after she became semi- conscious and could not resist their advances, ? ? She then returned home and stayed quiet for some days before filing a complaint with the police on February 18, ? a police officer said. he added. Sachin ?
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar' s only son Nishant Kumar has declined to enter politics. I have no interest, nor any knowledge of how to do politics. Nishant, who maintains a very low profile and is hardly seen in public life, says he wants to lead a spiritual life. "
Idrees demanded that both Atul Garg as well as the Peace Party candidate on Agra Cantonment seat Rakesh Valmiki should be given the toughest of punishments for trying to influence voters with money. The Agra police has filed an FIR against Garg and is now investigating the matter. He said that the sting shown on TV was a fact of these elections and strongest possible action was required in such cases to deter such people. He has also been shown claiming that he is spending money in these elections.
New Delhi, Feb 26 ( PTI) Soon, the students and the faculty members of around 10, 000 engineering colleges in the country will be able to register their complaints and grievances online. According to a latest AICTE directive, the HRD Ministry has stressed the need to have a mechanism for online registration as well as disposal of the grievances not only of the students but also the faculty members and the other stakeholders. As per directive, each of these institutions will have to put up a notice board or flex board fixed near the office of the Head, giving details of the online grievance redressal mechanism like its URL, names, contact numbers and e- mail addresses of members of the Grievance committee etc.
Virat Kohli spoke really well after the defeat. He was open and honest. Former Australia captain Michael Clarke was surprised with the way Steve Smith' s men hammered India on a tailor- made pitch for the hosts in the first Test in Pune. ( Also read: India suffer first three- day Test defeat since April 2008) CLICK HERE TO WATCH VIDEOSmith scored his fifth successive hundred against India while Mitchell Starc and Nathan Lyon made significant contributions through the course of the match. To their credit they stuck with what was right and it all worked.
ambulances Lucknow, Feb 25 ( PTI) The Uttar Pradesh government has covered the word " Samajwadi" written on 1, 488 ambulances under its Samajwadi Swasthya Seva initiative as per the directive of the Election Commission. Additional Chief Electoral Officer ( CEO) P K Pandey said a decision in this regard was taken following a complaint.
It is becoming a bit of a joke. " He took on Pankaj Nihalani and called him an adamant man, saying that it was incorrect for Nihalani or a group of people to dictate what people must see and what they shouldn' t. Infact, the director even mocked Nihalani for deciding the duration of James Bond' s onscreen kiss on screen. I am appalled. Certify # CBFC, do not censor. " ? ¥â?
India were completely decimated by Australia in the first Test in Pune on a dry and deteriorating surface in Pune. ( Virat Kohli furious after ' worst batting performance in the last two years' ) Ganguly also said that India would be surprised the way Australian spinners bowled in this match. " India must have been surprised with the way Australia' s spinners bowled. They believed their own spinners were more accurate than the Aussie spinners.
In a shocking development, the son of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali was detained for four hours by immigration officials in Florida earlier this month and repeatedly asked about his religion. and " Are you Muslim? " Camacho- Ali was let go after she showed them a photo of herself with her ex- husband, however, her son was not so lucky as he was badgered for two straight hours, where he was repeatedly asked, " Where did you get your name from? "
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal has moved the Delhi High Court in connection with the defamation case filed by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Arvind Kejriwal has sought details of bank accounts of Arun Jaitley and his family members.
The " Famous" hitmaker has filed legal docs declaring his intention to produce DONDA brand makeup, perfumes, lotion and other cosmetics, reported Ace Showbiz. Kanye will have a womens collection and a mens collection. He is a ground breaking sort of guy and believes the future is in mens makeup, " a source said.
I am not alone. # StudentsAgainstABVP" . " Days after Delhi University' s Ramjas college saw violent clashes, a Lady Sri Ram College student who is a Kargil martyr' s daughter has initiated a social media campaign, " I am not scared of ABVP" , which has gone viral. It was not an attack on protesters, but an attack on every notion of democracy that is held dear in every Indians heart.
We have not overcharged even a single patient for stent. Similarly, Lilavati Hospitals Medical Superintendent Sitaram Gawde said: " We are not overcharging. The companys healthcare facility at Saket in South Delhi is among the hospitals which have been issued show cause notices by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority ( NPPA) after preliminary investigations over stents pricing. " We are yet to receive any communication from the NPPA. "
Known for his public outbursts and raking controversies with his statements, former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju has done it again with his new Facebook post. Justice Katju has called Tamil Nadu Chief Minister E Palaniswami a puppet of ' jailbird' Sasikala, the AIADMK general secretary.
Millennium city in Gurugram is paying a heavy price for roads and big infrastructure projects. Meteorological department officials too raised concerns about possible increase in temperature by 2 to 3 degrees. Local forest department sources told Mail Today on Friday that the NHAI has chopped more than 8, 000 trees to develop a flyover and three underpasses.
Modi had said, " The people of this country are my masters, I take inspiration from the donkey because I work for people day and night. . Addressing a poll rally in Rae Bareli three days ago, Akhilesh Yadav had said, " There comes an advertisement on Television that features donkeys. donkeys are loyal to their master. "
It contested the BMC polls separately by dumping the BJP. Sena is a junior partner of the BJP in Centre and Maharashtra government. The development came at a time when both the Sena and its estranged ally BJP which has won 82 seats, are keeping cards close to their chest on the prospects of coming together again to attain power or otherwise. In the counting of votes held on Thursday, Sena won 84 seats, BJP 82, Congress 31, NCP 9, MNS 7, AIMIM 3, Samajwadi Party 6, Akhil Bhartiya Sena 1 and Independents 4.
Jaipur, Feb 24 ( PTI) The site of an indefinite hunger strike for Special Backward Class quota turned into the marriage venue for 26- year- old Devraj Gujjar, who tied the nuptial knot here, as he chose not to leave the protest. The men were selected as lecturers by the Rajasthan Public Service Commission. Gujjar said his marriage was fixed eight months ago and because he did not want to delay it, he decided to marry Mamta at the protest site.
The excessive bee- stung lips and frozen face have sparked speculation that Ayesha got a lip job and botox. She revealed that she is currently doing a film called Borivali Ka Bruce Lee, which would likely release by the end of the year. However, family and motherhood remains her priority.
However, the bout set to happen on 1st April in Mumbai has not changed. We are talking to other boxers in the same category as Vijender Singh and we will announce the opponent soon. Later in summer, " said Neerav Tomar, promoter, IOS Boxing Promotions.
1 team. It was disappointing, " former India captain and leg- spinner Kumble told reporters. ( Also read: Virat Kohli out for duck for the first time in Tests in India) Smith remained unbeaten on 59 with the touring side leading by 298 runs. Replying to Australia' s 260, India, unbeaten in their previous 19 Tests, lost their last seven wickets for 11 runs to be bundled out for 105 in their first innings. It has hurt us in the past, especially in this game you need to hold your chances even if half chances. "
Amitabh Bachchan will not be able to attend the reception of UK- India Year of Culture, a " rare invitation" , which was sent to the megastar by Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh. Currently, the actor is gearing up for the launch of Ram Gopal Varma' s Sarkar 3 trailer, scheduled for the first week of March. His upcoming projects include Ayan Mukerji' s tentatively- titled film Dragon that will see him alongside Ranbir Kapoor, Kabir Khan' s production Thugs Of Hindostan where he is working with Aamir Khan and Aankhen 2, that will see him working with Arjun Rampal and Anil Kapoor.
A day after the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation polls threw up a fractured verdict, senior BJP leader Nitin Gadkari today said there is " no option" for his party and Shiv Sena than joining hands for control of the Mumbai civic body. " The situation now is that both parties have no option but to come together again, " Gadkari said. " he said. " Gadkari' s remarks came a day after the BJP scored an emphatic win in the Maharashtra civic polls, emerging as the largest party in eight of the 10 municipal corporations, while finishing a close second to Shiv Sena in BMC elections.
It all began when a picture of a man checking out Disha' s cleavage during the awards show went viral. Really felt a need to share this! The MS Dhoni actor' s outfit came under scrutiny for being " too revealing" . ? She added, " It' s easier to judge a woman on the basis of how much they cover up their skin, but it is hard to accept your own cheap mentality where you cannot stop staring at those inappropriate areas which you are asking her to cover! "
Thats led to a lot of cash shortages that have adversely affected consumption, " Cashin said in response to a question as the IMF released its annual country- report on India. While the financial system is expected to weather the currency exchange- induced temporary growth slowdown, the authorities should remain vigilant given the potential further build- up of NPAs and elevated corporate sector vulnerabilities, and ensure prudent support to the economic sectors affected by the currency exchange initiative, " the IMF said. Real GDP growth is projected to slow to 6. 6 per cent in FY2016/ 17 and then rebound to 7.
ALSO READ: Why Jolly LLB 2' s women are unlike Akshay Kumar heroines  MOVIE REVIEW: Jolly LLB 2ALSO READ: What is Akshay Kumar' s secret to his newfound critical- cum- commercial success? And Khiladi Kumar has all the reasons to be ecstatic as his last release Jolly LLB has crossed the Rs 100 crore mark within 13 days of its release. 26 croreDay 5 ( 14th Feb, Tuesday) - Rs 9. 89 croreDay 7 ( 16th Feb, Thursday) - Rs 5. 45 crore Total box- office collection of Jolly LLB 2 after thirteen days: Rs 100.
. Saahore Baahubali. Happy Maha Shivaratri. # Baahubali2# WKKBpic. With just 65 days to go for the grand release of Baahubali 2, SS Rajamouli has unleashed a fierce Prabhas on the auspicious occasion of Maha Shivratri in a new poster of the film.
Virat Kohli, the most in- form batsman in world cricket, was dismissed for zero by Mitchell Starc in a sensational over which brought Australia right back in the contest in the Pune Test against India. ( Ashwin breaks Kapil Dev' s record for most Test wickets by an Indian in home season) However, it was not exactly a dream start for the hosts, who have won eight of their nine Tests this home season. Murali Vijay was first taken out by Josh Hazlewood before Starc, the most feared pacer in the world, removed Cheteshwar Pujara and Kohli in the space of three balls.
Srinivas graduated in Electrical and Electronics engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technical University in Hyderabad during 2001- 2005. The US Embassy in New Delhi has strongly condemned the attack on an Indian- origin engineer, who was killed and two others injured in shooting in a bar, in Kansas City in the United States on Wednesday night, Srinivas Kuchibhotla, who worked at the Garmin headquarters in Olathe area of Kansas, was killed in the shooting on Wednesday night, while another Indian and his colleague Alok Madasani was injured and has been discharged from the local hospital where he was undergoing treatment. U. S. authorities will investigate the case thoroughly even though we recognise that justice is a small consolation to the families in grief. " Srinivas' family is inconsolable after learning about his death. gofundme. com/ srinus- familyrecovery- support) to collect money for Kuchibhotla' s family has already raised $ 250, 000, crossing its target of $ 150, 000 in 12 hours. It was a tragic and senseless act of violence, " Olathe Police Chief Steven Menke told reporters.
10 lakh for 10 silicone fingers. You do your work and leave ( the scene) . I will not lie. Shambhu Kumar Yadav, a consultant at Delhi' s Born Life, disclosed a prominent political party of Uttar Pradesh has placed big orders for silicone fingers with his artificial limbs company. " If he was to be believed, crooks are procuring prosthetic fingers to trick poll officials into allowing them in election booths for multiple voting, possibly in multiple booths. I will let you know of some other documents which might also be needed, " said Kumar. Kumar also explained the modus, suggesting a private hospital place order with his company for bulk imports of the prostheses. " I am telling you the truth, " he said. "
Rangoon Cast: Kangana Ranaut, Shahid Kapoor, Saif Ali KhanRangoon Direction: Vishal BhardwajRangoon Rating:   ( 3. That alone is worth the price of the ticket. If you thought Saif Ali Khan' s best moment in the movies till date was the scene in Omkara where he, Langda Tyagi, looks and keeps looking at Ajay Devgn in disbelief when Omkara ( Ajay Devgn) makes Kesu ( Vivek Oberoi) his political successor; well, stop right there. Malik and Julia' s romance is slow- cooked and the essence of every moment between the two is allowed to linger before the next moment starts. Watch Yeh Ishq Hai from Rangoon here: Therefore, in the second half, when Vishal Bhardwaj and Co. pull up their socks to tie all the loose ends and ensure that all three protagonists - Malik, Julia and Rusi - find poetic justice, regardless of how laborious that pursuit might look on screen, Rangoon slowly, slowly bends and breaks its back under the pressure of Vishal Bhardwaj' s narrative ambitions. What more do you want?
As the results of the civic polls trickled in, Sena was at the top after winning 84 seats in the 227- member BMC, while its estranged ally BJP was close behind at 82. Also read: Maharashtra civic polls in nutshell: BJP second best to Shiv Sena in Mumbai but top across stateBMC election result 2017: Shiv Sena should align with us again, says BJP
Mumbai, Feb 23 ( PTI) Fruit juice concentrate maker Rasna today said it is eyeing a revenue of Rs 250 crore in the next three years from the snack category. " The company has invested Rs 100 crore so far on Vitos and plans to export the snack brand to the neighbouring countries this year. " Mostly we will be starting our distribution in Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka this year, " he added.
Former cricketer Sachin Tendulkar was spotted in the Rajya Sabha today a couple of days after absence of nominated members from the Upper House was questioned by Samajwadi Party MP Naresh Agarwal. Besides Tendulkar and Rekha, other nominated members include Anu Aga, Sambhaji Chhatrapati, Swapan Dasgupta, Roopa Ganguly, Narendra Jadhav, M C Mary Kom, K Parasaran, Gopi Suresh, Subramanian Swamy and KTS Tulsi. ALSO READ:
Aamir Khan, whose last film Dangal told the story of two girls who grow up to become formidable wrestlers, says his upcoming movie Secret Superstar - - a musical drama - - is yet another film on the empowerment of the girl child. Aamir said. . s character. I am just very fortunate with the films that we have made, the writers and directors that we work with and the talented people that come to us with the films that they want to make. ? Honestly, I haven? t see myself in that role. Secret Superstar also features Zaira Wasim along with Meher Vij. Please don?
Bhosle was stumped after receiving an electricity bill worth over Rs 53, 000 for her unused bungalow in Lonawala. " Also read |   Maha assures action in hefty power bill claim by Asha BhosaleBut Opposition parties have attacked the government over the issue, alleging that the state government is only working for celebrities.   " This is totally laughable. But in this case, they have immediately ordered an inquiry.
Each time a language is lost, the corresponding culture is killed, Devy said, adding that India had already lost 250 languages in last five decades. 3 billion people may die out over the next 50 years, scholars said on Thursday, calling for a concerted effort to preserve the tongues spoken by the nation' s endangered tribal communities. India' s people speak as many as 780 different languages, the PSLI said. " The report is scheduled to come out by 2025.
