" The report on Samsung planning to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphone in India is incorrect, " said a Samsung India spokesperson, without offering any other details.
This was to enable the availability of officers and staff for the benefit of trade and industry, an order issued by CBEC Special Secretary and Member S Ramesh said.
CISF Director General O P Singh said the " suspect item has been declared safe and there is nothing to worry about" .
( Dream- come- true, could not have asked for more: Kuldeep Yadav) He revealed that he has learnt a few tricks of the trade from the Aussie spin wizard Shane Warne and it was great to get his countryman with one of those.
The Pakistani- origin terrorist behind the London Bridge terror attack, Khuram Shazad Butt, has been buried in secret after a number of cemeteries in the UK refused to accept the body, a media report said on Sunday.
23am BST 06: 23  As mentioned earlier today, only 9% of students who had been sexually assaulted on their campus reported the attack to their university.
According to a report in Mumbai Mirror, the producer of Torbaaz got emotional when he heard the song O Meri Aangan Ki Chidiya Hai Tu at Sanjay Dutt' s residence.
Also Read: Kapil Mishra submits proof against Arvind Kejriwal, aides on water tanker scam, seeks time with CBI
Even as Tamil Nadu gears up to organise jallikattu today, residents of Alanganallur in Madurai have vowed to continue their protest.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the nation with his monthly radio show Mann Ki Baat. In the last edition, the PM spoke about the significance of having good relations with Bangladesh.
New Delhi, Feb 19 ( PTI) FAQs about menstruation will now be answered at Delhi government schools with an NGO conducting " period talks" for teenage girls.
One person was killed and another 7 left injured after the roof of an under- construction gurdwara collapsed in Haryana' s Panipat today. Some people are still trapped under debris.
A 24- year- old man suffered serious injuries after he tried to stop a couple from kissing in public in Mumbai.
The said bottles had been deposited with the lab as sample of liquor seized by the state police.
Of the 15 candidates, Giri polled 4, 01, 515 votes, while Sanjeeva Reddy got 3, 13, 548 votes.
Yash Pal studied Physics from Panjab University before earning a PhD degree in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1958.
Five thousand religious soldiers will be recruited in Aligarh district for which only those Bajrang Dal activists will be eligible who have completed bravery training.
The Netherlands was a conduit for 23% of corporate investments that ended in a tax haven, a team of researchers at the University of Amsterdam concluded.
In his application, Sehwag just stated that he is the mentor of Indian Premier League ( IPL) franchise Kings XI Punjab and that he is quite familiar with the current crop of Indian players.
Aamir Khan, whose last film Dangal told the story of two girls who grow up to become formidable wrestlers, says his upcoming movie Secret Superstar - - a musical drama - - is yet another film on the empowerment of the girl child.
Hailed as a hero for having driven through the hail of bullets until the bus reached a military camp, the government of Jammu and Kashmir has announced a cash award of Rs 3 lakh for Saleem.
Maharashtra' s bar dancers have waltzed up to the Supreme Court and argued that the prevailing ban- like atmosphere in the state could push them into activities like prostitution.
Researchers at Boston University and the Boston Veterans Affairs health system examined the brains of 202 high school, college, semi- professional and NFL players for evidence of the disease.
While Deoband is known for its historical significance and Darul Uloom Deoband has been a centre of Islamic learning since the Mughal era, Brijesh Singh had demanded that the city be renamed Deovrind after BJP came into power.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a law that prohibits technology that provides access to websites banned in the country, the government?
Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee and Kovind arrived in the Central Hall in a ceremonial procession, where Ram Nath Kovind was administered the oath by Chief Justice of India JS Khehar.
Setting aside all talks of alleged cold war, Captain Amarinder Singh and cricketer- turned- politician Navjot Singh Sidhu, who recently joined the Congress, held a joint press conference in Amritsar today.
Indrani Mukerjea, jailed former media baron, along with other woman inmates at Byculla jail, have been accused of using children as shields against lathi charge during the protests on June 24 after 38- year- old Manjula Shetye was allegedly murdered by six jail officials.
Jammu and Kashmir People' s Democratic Party ( PDP) leader Abdul Gani Dar was killed by militants in Rohmoo village of Pulwama district in south Kashmir today.
The Mumbai crime branch on Monday arrested a 60- year- old man who had stolen data of a digital company.
In a bid to improve education quality in state- run schools and ensure regular attendance, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath wants pictures of faculty members pasted on school walls.
Wonder Woman 2 is set to storm theatres on December 13, 2019, Warner Bros. Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot is set to reprise her role as Diana of Themyscira.
India coach Anil Kumble on Thursday said it was important to move ahead from the embarrassing defeat in Pune and focus on the Bengaluru Test to get back to winning ways against Australia.
The MMRDA said it fixed 353 potholes on the Western Express Highway, which were reported between July 1 and July 10, last week.
The Britain- based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said it has documented the deaths of 331, 765 people across Syria since the conflict erupted in mid- March 2011 with anti- government protests.
? The 30- year- old Frampton, once a world champion at featherweight and super- bantamweight, had been priming himself to fight in his home city for what might have been the final time.
" Gholamreza Emami, the Iranian Meenakari artist, says each piece of utensil takes about a day to finish and he has been doing it for 15 years.
App- based cab aggregator Uber has hiked fares of its entry and premium level services by up to 50% in Delhi- NCR.
ALSO READ: Ratan Tata does not speak the truth: Cyrus Mistry In the next few weeks, at least six Tata Group companies are expected to hold such meetings to remove Cyrus Mistry from the position of director.
A British actor who worked on EastEnders and Channel 4 drama Ackley Bridge has been rescued three days after falling from the top of a jungle waterfall and smashing his leg on the Thai island of Koh Samui.
com/ 900UKZKdyCThe attempt was to compare Ahmed' s fame to that of Shah Rukh Khan' s and Usman supported the comparison sharing a few photos of crowds cheering the cricketer back home.
? said a tweet from IRPGF, which itself is part of the International Freedom Battalion, a motley group of foreign fighters battling the IS alongside the YPG, the Kurdish militia also known as the People?
The Yogi Adityanath- led government in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday allocated Rs 50 crore to enable free data services for students of universities and degree colleges across the state while presenting its first budget.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s stern warning to self- proclaimed cow vigilantes seems to have fallen on deaf ears as a group of men attacked a truck drivers transporting cows in Guwahati.
( Surprised with the way Australia won: Michael Clarke to India Today) Lauding the accuracy of O' Keefe and Lyon, Ganguly said India would now be scared to prepare turning pitches going ahead in the series.
What matters is that the tickets start at Rs 4, 060 and go upto Rs 76, 790.
Former Congress MP Sandeep Dikshit has launched a frontal attack on colleagues Ajay Maken and PC Chacko accusing them of running the Delhi unit of the party like a " business house" .
Dimon told journalists after the bank released its latest quarterly results on Friday. ? Dimon said financial journalists would be better off concentrating on the ?
The commentary, released by the official Xinhua news agency , said India first levelled false allegations about Chinese encroachment of its territory but later changed the tone to say Indian troops had gone into Doklam ( or Donglang) region to ?
Declaring India and Nepal Hindu Rashtra was one of the many resolutions passed at the convention, " Hindu Janajagruti Samiti leader Charudatt Pingale told reporters here.
The Karnataka High Court today refused to give the passport of the promoters of S Kumar' s a company owned by Nitin Shambhu Kumar Kasliwal.
( With PTI inputs) ALSO READ: Aadhaar card cannot be made mandatory by government for welfare schemes: Supreme Court
The tourism fraternity came together to celebrate yet another bonanza, with the 6th Lonely Planet India Travel Awards 2017 recognising their respective contributions to global travel.
He said the advance reservation period has been extended to 360 days for foreigners/ NRIs and they can book their tickets online using credit or debit cards without depending on travel agents.
BT has been fined £ 42m, the largest penalty imposed by regulator Ofcom, and will have to pay an estimated £ 300m in compensation to rival telecoms companies over delays installing high- speed internet connections.
The person who is doing this, wants me to deactivate my acct.
Also Read: Hillary Clinton delivers a presidential speech, says Trump will be our presidentNames like Elton John, The Chainsmokers, Idina Menzel, Celine Dion, Garth Brooks, KISS among others have refused to perform at Trump' s inauguration citing one reason or another.
ALSO READ | Salman' s Tiger Zinda Hai to clash with Ranbir' s Sanjay Dutt biopicOPINION | The young ones Khan' t: Why Ranbir- Ranveer- Shahid can never achieve superstardom like the Khans OPINION | Ranbir Kapoor at 34: A legend in the making?
Taking to Twitter, he wrote, " Death has but one end, and words cannot define it.
Former Delhi BJP MLA Vijay Jolly has been booked in a case of rape after a woman alleged that he drugged and assaulted her, police said today.
24- HOUR POWER TO DISTRICTSSpeaking at a function, organised for distributing assistive devices to specially- abled people, in Deoria, Yogi Adityanath said that his government would provide 24- hour power supply to all the 75 district headquarters in Uttar Pradesh.
Ahead of the budget, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today favoured increasing the tax contribution from various market participants in a " fair, efficient and transparent way" and promised more " sound and prudent policies and reform measures" .
A BJP MLA from Uttar Pradesh has put up a Facebook video openly saying that he will stop Haj yatris to go on the pilgrimage if the Ram temple is not built in Ayodhya.
Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti warned on Friday that any tinkering with the special rights and privileges of the people of the state will leave no one there to hold the tricolor.
The Gorkha Janamukti Morcha has given a ten- day deadline to the Centre to intervene in the Gorkhaland statehood stir as the indefinite shutdown in the hills entered its 47th day on Monday.
Vikram Limaye took over the NSE on Monday, with the exchange facing a probe from market regulator the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI) about whether company employees provided unfair access to co- location servers to select brokers.
s covert programme to equip and train moderate rebels fighting Syrian president Bashar al- Assad, in a move likely to be welcomed by Russia?
The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has decided to start playing music in stations on the New Delhi- Dwarka airport line and plans to extend it inside trains and across its network gradually, depending on user feedback.
Tax officials raided on Wednesday multiple properties linked to DK Shivakumar, a top minister in Karnataka who is hosting a group of party legislators from Gujarat to avoid a break in their ranks ahead of a close Rajya Sabha election.
In fact, Kabir wanted Akshay Kumar to play Salman' s on- screen brother in the film.
The rumours of Chak De girl Sagarika Ghatge dating former cricketer Zaheer Khan started doing the rounds when the two were seen inseparable at Yuvraj Singh wedding last year.
Trouble brewed for Bollywood film producer Karim Morani after Rachkonda police of Hyderabad booked him for alleged rape and blackmailing.
A 45- year- old freelance journalist suffered severe brain injuries after an overnight attack by an unidentified person at a public park in northwest Delhi on Wednesday.
China began construction of a logistics base in strategically located Djibouti last year that will resupply naval vessels taking part in peacekeeping and humanitarian missions off the coasts of Yemen and Somalia, in particular.
? In her statement, the woman said that she was overpowered by Gaurav, Sunny, Rohtash and Sachin, who then took turns to rape her.
Farmers have been protesting near Bil Akbarpur village for the last four months demanding increased compensation for their agricultural land earmarked for 135km Eastern Peripheral Expressway.
Dutch police said that the five men, aged from 33 to 43 and all from Romania, allegedly raided a delivery truck full of iPhones on the A73 highway near Horst on the night of 24 July.
The movie hit a roadblock with the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) soon after Ekta came onboard as a distributor but it only strengthened her desire to take the movie to the masses.
In a shocking incident, a 14- year- old girl from Tuticorin of Tamil Nadu while participating in the Khelo India boxing competition.
With the Windows 10 Creators Update, released in April, Microsoft introduced the new Paint 3D, which is installed alongside traditional Paint and features 3D image making tools as well as some basic 2D image editing.
India had failed to emulate the stable two- party model of western democracies, Guha said, adding that the importance of two- party rivalry in states should not be undermined.
" Lalu dubbed Modi Trumps " twin brother, " while seeking to describe Congress president Sonia Gandhi as bahu ( the daughter- in- law) of the country.
As per the CPCB barometer, air quality falls in the good range if it is 50 or less.
holders New Delhi, Jan 22 ( PTI) Warning black money holders that their undisclosed assets are " not hidden" from its gaze, the Income Tax department today advised them to avail the ongoing one- time disclosure window- - PMGKY- - to come clean on their stashed funds.
A section of the Jat leadership recently announced its move to renew the Jat agitation for reservation which left 30 people dead last year.
Police said the assault on the girl first took place in July 2016 when the accused, identified as 40- year- old Sajid Khan, a resident of Shaheen Bagh area, raped the victim in his flat.
Duterte hopes the promise of autonomy will persuade Filipino Muslims to reject the Islamic State group, whose followers still control parts of Marawi after nearly two months of fighting that had left more than 500 people dead.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said today that the cancellation of AAPs office allotment was part of a larger design to ' finish' the party.
New Delhi, Apr 9 ( PTI) Users of Airtel, Vodafone and Idea mobile services filed maximum billing complaints in October- December of 2016, as per the latest report of Trai.
Shah Rukh Khan then went on to speak about humanity comparing it to himself, an ageing movie star.
Police said, Abdul Kadir, a cash custodian from the bank, took out a bag full of money from the van and was walking towards the ATM when three men on a bike snatched it from him.
In a jibe aimed at the Sena which has been ruling the Mumbai civic body for over two decades now, Rane said, " Cities like Singapore, Shanghai and Kuala Lumpur rose to fame as the world class cities only in the last 25 to 30 years.
s decision was a surprise to the Centre as well for a day before his announcement, he had met the Union home secretary and informed him about a seven- day leave to visit Goa. Read | Najeeb Jung?
The Congress- led Opposition' s President nominee Meira Kumar today described the contest with BJP' s candidate Ram Nath Kovind as a ' fight of ideologies' .
Speaking to India Today, Kumar Vishwas questioned Arvind Kejriwal' s defence of AAP' s loss in Punjab, Rajouri Assembly by- poll in Delhi and the MCD elections.
Violent clashes took place between police and locals in Patna City area after the district administration demolished a temple for widening of road.
Addressing booth- level workers during campaigning, party chief Amit Shah had said a favourable verdict in the MCD polls could be a stepping stone to victory in the next Assembly elections in the city.
" I direct DGP, New Delhi to take the seven accused and produce them to psychiatric medical board attached to AIIMS and conduct medical test, " Justice Karnan said.
While most other BJP- led governments have been unequivocal in their support to measures that ban the sale and consumption of cow meat, one of the party' s candidates in Kerala is making headlines for luring voters with the promise of " good beef" if elected.
An industry insider is quoted as saying, " Aamir himself has earned a humongous Rs 175 crore ( approx) from the film with the kind of profit- sharing partnership he entered into with co- producers Disney UTV.
Abu Dujana, a top Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) commander operating in Kashmir, was killed on Tuesday in an encounter with security forces in Pulwama district, police said.
But the team bounced back when they toured Sri Lanka for a three- match Test series.
Responding to a question at the India Today Conclave- South, Maitreyan said, " It is up to Chinamma ( Sasikala) when she decides to take over as the Chief Minister.
s a man, in skirt, trying to return a Kim Clijsters? were left in splits at the sight of a burly man in a skirt and a white t- shirt.
After the Pakistani scored the first solitary point and benefited from a foul from Advani, the Indian bounced back to piece together a brilliant break of 83 to seal the first tie of the best- of- five final.
No one knew who Jammu and Kashmir police officer Mohammad Ayub Pandith was on the night he was stripped and lynched in Srinagar last month and his identity became clear only the next morning, the Valley?
Fearing that they could be killed if they went back to their hometown as they belong to different castes, they approached the Gobichettipalayam police station in Erode and urged the police to save their lives.
" At least 400 Indian languages are at the risk of dying in coming 50 years, " GN Devy, the chairman of PSLI, said.
ACCUSED PRIEST ARRESTED ON FEBRUARY 28The 17- year- old survivor gave birth to a child after being raped by the priest.
In an apalling incident, passersby simply stood and watched a biker burn to death on Mumbai Highway after his bike caught fire due to a collision with another biker on Thursday.
The purpose of the drive is to keep the environment pollution free and not challan people unnecessarily, said Praveen Gupta, commissioner, North Corporation.
Yuzvendra Chahal took six wickets for 25 runs as India bowled England out for just 127 to win their third T20I by 75 runs on Wednesday, securing a 2- 1 victory in the three- match series.
The KDA had also urged the state government to move a privilege motion against BMRCL.
Raipur, Jan 11 ( PTI) In a noble gesture, city police today fulfilled the birthday wish of an eleven- year- old visually impaired girl, suffering from a life- threatening kidney disease, by making her a police inspector for a day.
Fans stick posters as they gather at Revolucion monument to pay tribute to Chester Bennington, Linkin Park frontman, following the singer' s death by suicide, in Mexico City, Mexico, July 23.
( REUTERS)  						The 46- year- old director, who is currently geared up for the release of his film Dunkirk, says his tastes have become a bit more mainstream since having kids, reported Entertainment Weekly.
Kolkata, Jul 23 ( PTI) Central Board of Excise and Customs ( CBEC) , the nodal national agency for administering customs and GST, was unhappy with West Bengals introduction of e- way bill system without waiting for it being launched by the Centre across the country.
Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan coming together in Kabir Khan' s Tubelight is probably the biggest news of the year.
The BJP- led Gujarat government is going all out to celebrate the world heritage city status accorded to Ahmedabad by UNESCO earlier this month with an eye on assembly elections later this year.
Earlier this week, the shooting of Sanjay' s film was stalled when crowds which had gathered to get a glimpse of the actor went out of control.
But what puts Congress in a spot is a letter accessed exclusively by India Today written by former Prime  Minister Manmohan Singh while in opposition expressing strong disapproval for this age old Tamil tradition that has become the focus of the country' s polity now.
Allahabad, Aug 01 ( PTI) The Allahabad High Court today said it would hear afresh the appeals filed by Rajesh and Nupur Talwar challenging their conviction in the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, seven months after reserving its judgement in the matter.
Heavy to very heavy rainfall very likely at isolated places over Andaman and Nicobar Islands, sub- Himalayan West Bengal, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and interior Tamil Nadu.
ALSO READ: How 7th pay commission will change your life, Indian economyIn the last 70 years, the Centre has increased the minimum salary of its employees from Rs 55 to Rs 18, 000 per month - a hike of 32, 727 per cent.
The slain terrorists included Lashkar- e- Taiba ( LeT) commander Bashir Lashkari who was involved in the killing of six policemen in south Kashmir and top Hizbul Mujahideen militant Sabzar Ahmad Bhat, he noted.
However, the meeting ended after arriving at a decision to curtail the freedom of girls by prohibiting them from carrying mobile phones or wearing jeans.
I? ve been saying for a long time now that we should follow the American system, where you have a board of people from within the film industry and they decide.
Health services were crippled at the district hospital in Sector 30 for four hours on Monday as contractual doctors and paramedical staff went on a strike and protested against the hospital administration for not paying them salaries for the last three months.
China has again extended by three months its technical hold on the US, France and UK- backed proposal to list JeM chief and Pathankot terror attack mastermind Masood Azhar as a designated terrorist by the UN.
New Delhi, Mar 3 ( PTI) Taking on Rahul Gandhi for his criticism of Prime Minister Narendra Modi over cleaning of the Ganga, Union Minister Uma Bharti today asked the Congress leader to refrain from making " frivolous" comments.
The Indian contingent of hearing impaired athletes, returning to the country after its best ever performance in the Deaflympics - - clinching five medals, including a gold - - refused to leave the Indira Gandhi International Airport in New Delhi on Tuesday morning ( 5 a.
The team members constituting representatives of state health department, WCD department and education department highlight that in some schools in Haryana, female students are attended only by male teachers, which adds to hesitation around the conversation on sex education.
Puducherry Lt governor Kiran Bedi on Thursday pulled up airport officials in Chennai for ? Bedi then told officials that toilets needed to be maintained in a clean manner, the sources said.
Bengali superstar Prosenjit Chatterjee has said that all regional film industries should come together to find a way out of the situation post GST.
The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a plea challenging various notifications of the Centre to make Aadhaar mandatory for availing benefits of government schemes.
Berlin, Jun 30 ( PTI) Scientists have developed magnetic microbots with silver nanoparticles that can zoom around contaminated water and clean up disease- causing bacteria.
Five persons were killed and nine went missing as a massive landslide triggered by incessant rains destroyed eight dwellings in Arunachal Pradesh?
Delivering on the Bharatiya Janata Party' s poll promise, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath today waived off farmers' loan of upto Rs 1 lakh.
The Bombay High Court has passed an order which observes that prima facie, the movie " appears to be a copy of the Korean movie Miracle in Cell No. 7.
In his last speech as the President of India, Mukherjee said that Gandhi was a towering personality.
Bollywood actor Kangana Ranaut is surely one talented woman. Ms Ranaut who has returned from the New York Film Academy where she completed a two month course on screenplay writing, seems to be in no mood for wasting time.
Their meeting also came a day after the home minister briefed top opposition leaders on the situation in the valley and steps taken to ensure better security for the Amarnath pilgrims.
Being dubbed as the youngest father in India is a 12- year- old boy has been booked under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences ( POCSO) Act for impregnating 17- year- old girl in Kerala.
Before joining Facebook, Pulkit was working as the  head of industry, e- commerce at Google India since April 2012.
Meet Yadireddy, a beggar from Andhra capital city Vijayawada, who donated a silver crown to Lord Ram. At a time when many across the country are facing a severe cash crunch, the offering made by the beggar to Lord Ram came as a surprise for many.
In cricket when you get easy performances or easy wickets then it is no fun, but when you have to fight and perform in challenging conditions then that feeling is something else, " he said.
An IPS officer of 2010 batch, Himanshu Kumar alleged in his now deleted tweets that senior police officers were are targeting subordinates of particular caste after the formation of Yogi Adityanath' s government in Uttar Pradesh.
A red- faced BJP claimed that the two BJP workers were abducted and forcibly made to join the Trinamool Congress.
Friday alleged that arms training is being provided to Bajrang Dal and VHP volunteers in Assam to terrorise it and demanded action against those ?
Esha Deol looks cute with her hubby as they do a maternity shoot in Greece # instadaily # instagood # bollywood # eshadeol # momtobe # pregnant # girlA post shared by Manav Manglani ( @ manav.
Without even verifying, several TV channels flashed the news, much to the surprise of Vithika and Varun.
Hours after Pakistan proudly announced the launch of the nuclear- capable Babur- 3 cruise missile, reports today suggested that Islamabad may have faked the launch video.
After making the announcement, the CM while accepting AAP' s defeat in Rajouri Garden constituency during bypolls said that people were not happy with the decision of Jarnail Singh' s resignation to contest in Punjab' s state elections.
If you were out for a run, you would be able to power a mobile device, " said Joseph Wang from the University of California, San Diego.
About 70, 000 tax officers and employees in the country will wear black bands at work on Monday, on Martyrs Day, to protest some recent decisions taken by the GST Council headed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
On a day when Mumbai went to the polls and recorded its highest voting percentage, author Shobhaa De tweeted an image of an overweight man in uniform and mocked the city police' s ' heavy' arrangements.
ahead of second India vs Sri Lanka Test match) The claim may be tall since Dhoni remains the only cricket captain in the world to win all ICC trophies ?
A day after the district administration and the police, in a joint operation, seized illegally mined sand from two villages of Sikandarpur and Murshadpur, the district magistrate said he was planning to start night patrolling on the floodplains of river Yamuna to curb sand mining.
Slamming Mulayam, Ram Gopal said that the party chief does not know party constitution.
Nagpur, Jul 1 ( PTI) Union minister Ramdas Athawale today said the ICC Champions Trophy final between India and Pakistan appeared " fixed" and demanded a probe into the matter.
" Venus knows that she is the underdog in this match- up against her sister, because Serena holds too many guns, is more powerful and can turn it on at will.
The lawyer of 1993 Mumbai serial blast convict Abu Salem on Monday began his arguments and sought lesser sentence to the extradited gangster before the special Tada court.
Even today, RBI has more than adequate cash to last not just till December 30 but even beyond it, " Jaitley told reporters.
11pm BST 15: 11  Second set: Williams 5- 7, 0- 1 Muguruza* ( * denotes next server) Both players were sucking for air after the first set finale.
I walked out of a restaurant with my sister Sana and the next day it was all over the media, ' Sooraj seen with a mystery girl' .
Also read: PM Modi' s New Year eve address to nation likely at 7.
In the interview to India Today' s Rajdeep Sardesai, Haasan expressed extreme anger on the rampant corruption in Tamil Nadu politics for the last 60 years and the current uncertainty over leadership between VK Sasikala and O Panneerselvam.
Gufran Beig from SAFAR said that after a week of relatively good air quality days, compared to the last three years, there was a spike on Friday mainly because of a sudden fall in the wind speed.
Pakistani Army today violated cease fire on Line of Control ( LoC) in Balakote area of Poonch in Jammu.
The couple completed the primary rituals and then marched towards the IDBS school polling booth to cast their vote while the guests and relatives waited for them.
Ever since the Mumbai- based comedy group All India Bakchod ( AIB) used his photograph alongside a morphed picture of Modi with dog?
DunkirkDirector - Christopher NolanCast - Tom Hardy, Fionn Whitehead, Mark Rylance, Harry Styles, Cillian Murphy, Kenneth BranaghRating - 5/ 5The moments spent in anticipation immediately before a new Christopher Nolan movie are often just as nerve- wracking as those spent watching the film.
In a u- turn the Election Commission said on Wednesday that it cannot take a stand on a demand to bar convicted politicians for life from contesting polls, prompting the Supreme Court to criticise the poll panel for shying away from a crucial issue.
A 15- year- old homeless girl was gang raped multiple times allegedly by a group of five teenagers over several months at different places around Mayur Vihar- I Metro station in east Delhi, police said on Tuesday.
In a letter to parents, the assistant headteacher, Nadine Moore, wrote that fear of missing out was an additional pressure faced by teens through social media.
Indian trade Promotion Organisation ( ITPO) razed the structures two days after their architect Raj Rewal lost the case in Delhi high court on April 20.
India' s digital warriors have crippled 30 Pakistan government websites in virtual surgical strikes as protest against the neighbouring country' s announcement of the death penalty to former Navy officer Kulbhushan Jadhav.
As colleges and universities opened on Monday after a week in the Kashmir valley, students again clashed with security forces and resorted to stone pelting, officials said.
Two jawans have been killed and four others seriously injured as militants attacked an Army convoy on Jammu- Srinagar National Highway in Kulgam district' s Qazigund area.
Armed with the prize and his degree, Hien worked on developing his business for two years before finally selling his first caterpillars to market traders.
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi attacked his predecessor Manmohan Singh with " taking bath while wearing a raincoat " jibe, the Congress has decided to boycott the Budget session in Parliament.
? Her remarks, recorded by the Huffington Post at the East India Club, caused an immediate backlash, with opposition politicians calling on May to withdraw the whip from Morris.
But Ranveer, who says that he is traditional when it comes to matters of the heart, admits that once upon a time he was a carefree lover and did enter into many no- strings- attached relationships.
Modi in his national radio address ' Mann Ki Baat' wished prosperity for the neighbouring country, recalling the common memories of Rabindranath Tagore shared by both India and Bangladesh.
A party leader privy to the development said Ram Lal, national general secretary ( organisation) of the BJP, had asked the state leadership to expand its base among young females, especially those who stay at home.
The woman, identified as Sonam, was shot dead at point blank range by her sister Shazia using a country made pistol at their home on December 14.
New Delhi, Aug 2 ( PTI) Successive governments have " short changed" Air India by treating it like their private properties, TMC leader Dinesh Trivedi said today as he urged the Centre to review the decision to divest stake in the airline.
New Delhi, Mar 22 ( PTI) Private sector lender Axis Bank today said its MD & CEO Shikha Sharma is not resigning.
Jason Gillespie, former Australian cricketer, has revealed he thought long and hard about applying for Indian cricket team?
The alleged attacker, 22- year- old Ravi Kumar, managed to escape from the spot after the crime, but surrendered at Sangam Vihar police station, said Romil Baaniya, DCP ( South- East) .
The police during their investigation suspected that Taleem would enter through the wall between the Bangalore Turf Club and the college hostel.
In a separate reply to a question in the Lok Sabha, Gangwar said during April 1, 2014 to December 31, 2016, the I- T department conducted searches in 1, 838 groups of assessees, seizing undisclosed assets worth Rs 2, 607 crore.
The victim, who wanted to marry the man, was asked to pay Rs 6 lakh to the wife as a pre- condition to proceed.
VK Sasikala, the AIADMK chief, is getting special treatment in Bengaluru' s Parappana Agrahara Central jail where she has been lodged after being convicted by the Supreme Court in a disproportionate assets case in February.
Also read | Absconding Nigerian national convicted in drug case arrested by Mumbai police
A day ahead of the MCD election 2017, Swaraj India leader Yogendra Yadav has accused Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal of betraying the trust of the people of the city.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee appealed for calm and peace after a weekend of violence in Darjeeling hills, where the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha is observing an indefinite shutdown.
association observed a one- day strike on Tuesday and struck work following a spate of notices to faculty members who addressed students at the administration building, referred to as ?
Earlier this month, Mumbai based digital media company Culture Machine had announced the ' First Day of Period' leave policy.
The Angkor Archeological Park, a world heritage site, contains the remains of the different capitals of the Khmer Empire, dating from the 9th to the 15th centuries, and is Cambodia?
This year alone, 20 students from Patwa Toli locality in Manpur under Gaya district have qualified for IIT. Getting inspired by Prasad, dozens of students started getting qualified for IIT every year.
Union minister Kiren Rijiju has accused Left parties of misleading people amid the raging controversy over Delhi University student Gurmehar Kaur' s social media posts .
Hv ordered Fin Dept to stop funding for Delhi gov funded 28 DU colleges, as DU not willing to form governing bodies for last 10 months.
was reported to have been thrown in the face of another man by two males on a moped in Shoreditch High Street.
According to the police, Babu stepped into the drain to pick up a cricket ball when he slipped inside and drowned.
The Gujarat High Court today put an interim stay on criminal proceedings against superstar Shah Rukh Khan for his alleged culpability in triggering a melee at Vadodara railway station early this year while promoting his film Raees, during which a man had died of heart attack.
Researchers, in collaboration with Japanese automotive manufacturer Toyota, wanted to move towards technology that can monitor and analyse the physiology of the person driving and predict if they are going to have adverse cardiac events.
Yogi Adityanath said not singing Vande Mataram is a serious issue and it needed to be addressed. Not singing Vande Mataram is a serious issue, " Yogi Adityanath said.
Since coming to power in UP, Adityanath has ordered strict enforcement of the state' s existing ban on slaughter.
The Delhi police on Friday told a city court that they could not de- seal the room at a five star hotel, where former Congress minister Shashi Throor?
Now, Alphonse Putharen, who shot to fame after directing the blockbuster Malayalam film Premam, took to his Facebook page and said he wanted to see the Nayagan actor as the chief minister of Tamil Nadu for a day.
With Republic Day approaching and no time being saved for commuters even after doing away with stamping of baggage tags, the CISF has ended the one- week trial run at Indira Gandhi International Airport and passengers will have to get the tags stamped again from Friday.
Did the army' s September 29, 2016 surgical strikes define our new red lines in a strong response to a high- casualty attack by terrorists?
43am, when police control room received information that the five men cleaning the tank had not come out for a long time.
Continuing a yearly tradition, outgoing US President Barack Obama signed a proclamation to declare January 16 Religious Freedom Day.
SALE OF PEPSI, COKE BANNED IN TAMIL NADUA call by the Traders Federation in Tamil Nadu to ban sales of Coca Cola and Pepsi soft drinks came into effect on Wednesday with its President A M Vikrama Raja declaring drinks as ' toxic' for consumption.
The report said custom computer programming services industry received the maximum number of 999, 901 H- 1B visas in these years.
China operates the largest internet censorship regime in the world, blocking access to thousands of websites including Google, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Members of the Aam Aadmi Sena ( AAS) took a leaking cylinder to four different compressed natural gas checking centres across the national capital and in all four centres they managed to get a pass certificate for the leaking cylinder.
Deputy chief minister and education minister Manish Sisodia on Tuesday said school principals can appoint retired teachers without getting prior approval from the education department.
One of the senior- most lawyers in the country, Ram Jethmalani is right on top when it comes to the fee he charges per appearance in the Supreme Court or the Delhi High Court.
NO BETS ON HOCKEY MATCHBookies told Mail Today that huge sums of money were riding on Team India- not just within the country but also gambling hubs abroad such as in the Gulf nations- as this was one of the most- anticipated sporting events in months.
Also read: Bengaluru jail atrocities: Human rights commission slaps notices on Karnataka prison officials As DIG Roopa exposes jail perks to Sasikala, everything you need to know about VVIP prisoners How did she meet 82 people against 8 allowed?
Soon after Pakistan lifted the Champions Trophy on Sunday defeating India with an emphatic margin, displeased Indian fans took to streets to express their disdain.
Zunum Aero, founded by Ashish Kumar three years ago in Kirkland, Washington is working to develop a an electric hybrid aircraft with potential for performance and efficiency improvements in a range of aerospace applications.
Two years after a helicopter crash near the Bombay High offshore oil field killed two pilots, an inquiry by the Air Accident Investigation Bureau ( AAIB) found that the chopper was flying at a critically low height, without the pilots realising it.
I just love the way AbRam starts waving at his father Shah Rukh Khan?
WATCH: Jallikattu protest turns violent in Chennai after police eviction
on Sunday produced Naresh Kumar, the main accused in Junaid stabbing case, in a court which sent him to judicial custody.
Also read | Cancellation of ex- Delhi Law ministers degree recommendedSurprised at the lawmaker' s answer, the interviewer tried to reconfirm but the confident MLA said that he indeed graduated in Commerce, but had Physics and Mathematics as subjects.
That' s exactly why 21- year- old Archana tried to stop a wedding ceremony in Vikravandi in Tamil Nadu' s Villupuram district, and insisted that the groom - Gopalakrishnan - tie the knot with her instead, a report in the Tamil daily Thina Thanthi said.
The Shiv Sena has ended the suspense over who its candidates for Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) mayor and deputy mayor posts will be.
A Chinese spy ship has been spotted off the coast of Queensland during a joint training exercise between Australian and US forces, the defence department has confirmed.
She said that if Congress manages to win a " good number" of seats in the municipal corporation elections, then Maken will prove his detractors in Delhi Congress wrong.
More than a million people were displaced from Mosul by the battle in the Iraqi city against the Islamic State group, but nearly 200, 000 have returned home, the UN said Friday.
Five time world champion MC Mary Kom got the AIBA Legends award while former Asian Games champion Vikas Krishnan received the AIBA Pro Boxing Best Boxer trophy at the International Boxing Federation' s ( AIBA) 70th anniversary here on Wednesday.
the BJP member said and slammed the Congress for questioning the intention of the Modi government. ? Yadav said he will prefer to die than abandoning the ideology he is fighting for.
The BJP on Wednesday released a poster from Raigad district where the Shivsena and Congress forged a local front alleging tie- up between the two parties.
" PAKISTAN' S PROVOCATION Earlier in the day, Pakistan Army initiated indiscriminate firing of small arms, automatics, 82 mm and 120 mm mortars from 0720 hours along the LoC in Naushera sector of Rajouri district and from 0740 hours in Krishna Ghati sector.
" Allegedly to save herself after being gang- raped by five men, a 28- year- old divorcee and mother- of- two leapt from the first floor of a rented accommodation in east Delhi' s Pandav Nagar on Sunday morning, " an officer said.
" The Centre and Delhi government are closely working in tandem to promote tourism and clean the Yamuna, " he said.
Fifth seed Sameer Verma, who also is making a comeback after recovering from a shoulder problem, made a positive start to his campaign by defeating Vietnam?
s Supreme Court ruled in a reference case that the inherent harms of polygamy justified putting limits on religious freedoms, clearing the way for charges to be filed against Blackmore and Oler three years later.
His next film co- written by NH10 and Udta Punjab writer Sudip Sharma is going to be based on the dacoits of Chambal and is set during the ' 70s.
Baahubali: The Beginning, which hit the screens in 2015, was highly successful and grossed Rs 600 crore worldwide.
The Himachal Pradesh government has offered the post of DSP to Indian women?
A wave of bloodshed swept Venezuela on Sunday as troops cracked down on violent protests against elections to choose the members of a powerful assembly that President Nicolas Maduro has tasked with writing a new constitution.
Two new venues, Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala and Barsapara in Assam are in contention to host Test matches during the home series against Sri Lanka as Indian cricket team is set to play a record 23 international matches at home between September and December.
centres: Sharma Mathura ( UP) , Apr 10 ( PTI) Entry of members of management committees of schools within 200 metres of an examination centre has been banned to check cheating by students, Uttar Pradesh Deputy Chief Minister Dinesh Sharma said here today.
? Again on Saturday, frivolous objections were taken to delay the case which was dismissed by the court and the notices were framed against the accused, ?
This December 13, a 15- year- old girl was gang raped by four men in south east Delhi?
t partner anymore, the Kolkata franchise of the Indian Super League ( ISL) will continue to be known as ATK, said its principal owner Sanjiv Goenka.
Andhra Pradesh government on Thursday issued orders appointing badminton superstar and 2016 Rio Olympics silver medallist P V Sindhu as deputy collector.
Protesting against the sharp increase in third- party insurance premium, goods vehicles owners across states started an indefinite strike from Saturday.
Of the 4, 241 molestation cases reported, 2, 248 ( 53 per cent) are pending trial, according to data from the Bengaluru City Police Commissionerate.
Lt Governor Anil Baijal " fires one bullet at me" every day, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today said neither ' the kisan' ( farmers) nor jawans have been happy since Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s BJP government was formed in 2014.
Primark has recalled thousands of pairs of flip- flops after discovering they contain a chemical that can cause cancer.
The Late Show host, Stephen Colbert, a fierce critic of Donald Trump, has sold a new animated series to Showtime that will feature the cartoon commander- in- chief who frequently appeared on his show during last year?
The announcement to this effect was made by Minister for Youth Services and Sports Imran Ansari at the 132nd Standing Committee meeting of J& K State Sports Council here yesterday.
Not like we needed someone to tell us how beautiful Kerala is, but The Association of British Travel Agents ( ABTA) has released its Travel Trends Report 2017, and it reiterates just what most Indian travellers know.
Strongly backing the Aadhaar scheme, the Modi government on Wednesday submitted before the Supreme Court that the right to life of millions of poor in the country through food, shelter and welfare measures was far more important than privacy concerns raised by the elite class.
New Delhi, Feb 26 ( PTI) Soon, the students and the faculty members of around 10, 000 engineering colleges in the country will be able to register their complaints and grievances online.
The Jammu and Kashmir government has decided to say goodbye to the practice of asking government teachers to be part of election duties.
Investigators could not hear what the Air Canada captain and co- pilot said to each other during the aborted landing because their conversation was recorded over when the plane made other flights, starting with a San Francisco- to- Montreal trip the next morning.
BJP leader Shazia Ilmi today filed an FIR against Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) supporters for allegedly posting obscene remarks against her on social media.
Though this happens in an alliance, but I ran out of patience, " he said, referring to the allegations of corruption against Lalu and his family, mainly son Tejashwi Yadav, who was Nitish' s deputy in the former Bihar government.
New Delhi, Jul 28 ( PTI) No proposal is under consideration to scrap the Sahayak system in the Army, the government today said, notwithstanding rising cases of jawans coming out openly against the colonial- era provision.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Monday asked the Election Commission if it will " dare" act against Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and Congress leader Amarinder Singh for asking voters to accept money to attend rallies.
AAP' s Sangrur MP Bhagwant Mann cast his vote today in Mohali and said he will defeat Sukhbir Singh Badal by a clear margin of a lakh votes.
In the first indication of the government' s future policy on currency, a top RSS ideologue consulted in decision- making has told India Today that the new 2, 000- rupee notes would also be phased out gradually in the years to come.
New Delhi, Jul 29 ( PTI) Over 12 lakh businesses have applied for fresh registration under the Goods and Services Tax ( GST) regime, Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia has said.
A day after a video showing hassled passengers gasping for fresh air after the air conditioning system on their Air India flight developed a snag went viral, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) today said it will probe the incident.
Rest of India had started the chase on a bad note as openers Akhil Herwadkar and Abhinav Mukund could only add 29 runs in 10 overs before Karan Patel sent back Herwadkar, who scored 20 runs in 49 balls.
Tamil television actress Nandini' s husband Karthikeyan had reportedly committed suicide at a lodge in Virugambakkam, Chennai on Monday ( April 3) .
Launching a scathing attack against Kejriwal, ousted Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) MLA Asim Ahmed Khan said Kejriwal and his aides demanded Rs 5 crore from him and the party has turned into a private limited company.
After going through the CCTV footage of cameras near the police station, three persons in the age group of 20- 24 years were arrested today in connection with the incident, they said.
The CJI' s remarks came just before the lawyer for the professor said she wanted to withdraw the case, which was filed challenging a circular issued by the Gujarat government.
Rajgir ( Bihar) , May 4 ( PTI) RJD chief Lalu Prasad today asked his party workers to tie old, non- milking cows outside the houses of BJP leaders to see if they really cared for the animal.
New Delhi, Jul 4 ( PTI) Clearing the air on unsold stocks of goods post GST implementation, the government today allowed use of stickers with revised rates, alongside the printed MRP for pre- packaged items, for three months to reflect changes in selling price.
The Ernakulam North Police arrested Kiran Kumar ( 38) , who hails from Palakkad for posting defamatory photographs of the actor on social media, according to media reports.
TripAdvisor has honoured 343 beaches, including the top 25 in the world and local lists for Africa, Asia, Australia, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, South America, the South Pacific, the UK and the US Award.
Blue: Countries whose passports are blue in colour are believed to belong to the so- called ' new- world' league of nations.
China is constructing a 12- km- long high- speed train tunnel through one of the portions of its iconic Great Wall to connect Zhangjiakou city which is due to co- host 2022 winter Olympics along with Beijing.
A 19- year- old German national, who is on his second visit to India, was stabbed and robbed by two men near Kashmere Gate in north Delhi on Friday, police said on Saturday.
Ahmedabad, Dec 15 ( PTI) The Gujarat Cabinet today cleared an Ordinance, which seeks to impose a total ban on hookah bars across the state.
A Russian court sentenced a man convicted of murdering opposition leader Boris Nemtsov to 20 years in jail on Thursday and handed terms of between 11 and 19 years to four other men convicted of being his accomplices.
Ram Vilas Paswan, Union Minister of Food and Public Distribution, Consumer Affairs, tweeted about his meeting with Kerala CM Sh O Paneerselvam  Sh Pinarayi Vijayan.
By a 419- 3 vote, the House approved a bill to that would levy new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea.
The stunning revelation by Bihar police about a suspected Pakistan' s notorious counter intelligence agency ISI plot to spread terror on the rail tracks has led to Railways transfer sensitive cases to the NIA.
Senior advocate Soli Sorabjee, appearing for the RBI, told the court that the bank would not press its application to intervene in the matter if it can take a fresh look into the award granted in favour of Docomo.
impact Mumbai, Jun 25 ( PTI) Actor Akshaye Khanna, who has starred as a lead in several films, says he has consciously decided to take up smaller but effective roles in his second innings in Bollywood.
Air Costas 450- odd employees are literally at the crossroads amid worsening financial situation, and industry executives apprehend there could be a replay of erstwhile Kingfisher Airlines - - whose shuttering in 2012 had rendered hundreds of people jobless.
The spokesperson said, " We have been reading a lot of reports saying that Dangal has crossed Rs 2000 crore worldwide.
NO LINKS WITH SEKHAR REDDYPanneerselvam said that he has no information on Jayalalithaa' s will but maintained that " Amma never wanted Sasikala family in the party.
In the wake of demonetisation, All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) Delhi has partnered with MobiKwik to convert all its payment facilities cashless.
According to a government notification available exclusively with India Today, the vigilance department of each ministry has been asked to prepare a dossier of tainted and corrupt officials.
Haryana- based Shweta Mehta was on Saturday announced the winner of popular stunt based reality show MTV Roadies Rising.
Up to 76 people were rescued from cable cars suspended over the river Rhine in Cologne on Sunday afternoon after a gondola crashed into a support pillar, leaving passengers stranded.
" In an another tweet, she lauded the Indian Ambassador in Sudan, for his efforts to rescue the abducted.
Ive sent rabbits around the world before and nothing like this happened, " Simons breeder Annette Edwards was quoted as saying.
The Vanity Fair article described a scene in which casting directors in their attempt to find a child actor to play the lead role presented money to impoverished children only to take it away from them as an acting exercise.
Interestingly, this is not the first time Disha has lost out on a role opposite lover Tiger Shroff, who is also a star kid.
Former India captain Sourav Ganguly has already claimed that India can whitewash Australia 4- 0 in the upcoming Test series but he has also cautioned Virat Kohli, saying the visitors will come hard at him in the first Test in Pune.
The gram panchayat of Vankas, where MIDC officials recently visited, has passed a resolution opposing industrial development and demanding that the state government either implement the dairy project as planned or return the land parcels to the families they originally belonged to.
Launched by the Thane Municipal Corporation two years ago, the app had become popular among residents.
Cyrus Mistry, who was unceremoniously removed as group' s chairman, has claimed that Tata Sons director Vijay Singh played ' a key role' in the AgustaWestland scam.
Those involved in the counting of votes on July 20 told HT that invalid ones were due to dots, inverted commas, circles and slants that electors erroneously used on their ballot papers.
A senior official said development of green patches in Delhi began sometime ago but it failed due to large scale encroachment.
In a bizarre incident, the four Home Guards personnel, including a female cop, were asked to kneel down with their hands up as a punishment for wearing improper uniform in Odisha' s Mayurbhanj district.
New Delhi, May 20 ( PTI) Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman today sought to calm frayed nerves on the contentious visa issue, saying the number of H- 1B visas for Indian IT professionals would not come down.
A nine- year- old girl was fatally hit by an Army vehicle at Aglar village in Shopian district, South Kashmir, on Thursday.
t see the need for a proposed border wall to stretch the length of the roughly 2, 000- mile ( 3, 218 km) frontier with Mexico.
Sachin Tendulkar' s bipoic is set to release next week and the Master Blaster has revealed he had denied to " act" in the film when he was first approached for ' Sachin: A Billion Dreams' .
Dilution ( of the schemes) will also be reduced, " Naidu said at the meeting.
in Venezuela after protesters and security forces fought deadly street battles during voting for President Nicolás Maduro?
? As far as we are concerned, he has engaged in a series of bad behaviours, both in his social life and during a previous performance in China, which caused discontent among the public.
Kangana Ranaut was injured after being accidentally struck by a prop sword on the sets of her new film, Manikarnika - The Queen Of Jhansi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has no bias against Muslims and is, in fact, concerned about the lack of leadership among the community, former lieutenant governor of Delhi Najeeb Jung has said.
Shastri, reflected on India' s last tour of Sri Lanka, where the team bounced back to win the Test series 2- 1.
The state environment department is drawing up a plan to properly dispose of tonnes of road dust that is collected by mechanical sweepers every day.
On May 10, the Airlander 10 flew for a total of 180 minutes to test the aircrafts handling, improved landing technology and more, according to Hybrid Air Vehicles, the British company that built the aircraft.
You may be a regular air traveller but have you ever wondered why planes dim their lights while taking off and landing? Also Read: Now, you can buy air- travel tickets on EMI
In what could be an insider' s job, a suspicious packet containing narcotic substance was found in the food trolley of an Air India flight at Delhi airport on Thursday.
ON RSSRahul Gandhi said the BJP' s ideological mentor had not hoisted the national flag at their headquarters for 52 years after India' s independence in 1947.
Tested on parameters such as curriculum, teaching learning, evaluation, faculty research, infrastructure, learning resources, governance and student services, only three out of the 62 colleges secured the second grade of A+ .
Rashtriya Lok Samta Party MLA, Lallan Paswan who was caught on camera posing indecent questions to girl students in connection with alleged rape and murder of a Dalit girl, remained defiant asserting that the questions he posed to the girl students were relevant.
ALSO READ: PM Modi to BJP MPs: Don' t call demonetisation surgical strike, only soldiers do that FOCUS ON RURAL INDIAEnumerating the steps taken by the government to fight the cash crunch due to demonetisation of high- value currency, Shaktikanta Das said that of the 2.
American Sniper actor Sienna Miller is the latest celebrity to fall victim to online hackers and have her nude photos circulated all over the internet.
Even as he agrees that one cannot deny the existence of nepotism in Bollywood, filmmaker Neeraj Ghaywan, who bagged the National Award for his debut film Masaan, believes the issue has been blown ?
The extra limb, which sits just behind Forrests left front leg, is slightly shorter than the other four so is not interfering with his mobility at the farm in Ashbourne.
A gang of robbers who wore khaki uniform and posed as policemen to rob people in Delhi has been busted, police said on Thursday.
Delhi AAP MLA Jarnail Singh today said he has resigned from the Delhi Assembly to contest against Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal.
The man also fooled Scaramucci, the White House communications director who was fired on Monday, by pretending to be Reince Priebus, the former Trump administration chief of staff with whom he was believed to be in open warfare.
Police said the victim, Jeet, was returning home with his brother, Ajeet, after buying groceries when he was confronted by two men.
Bengaluru, Dec 13 ( PTI) Unearthing a racket involved in illegal conversion of demonetised notes, the ED has arrested seven alleged middlemen and seized Rs 93 lakh in new currency in Karnataka as part of its money laundering probe.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu today said he will build a " bigger, better city" in Amaravati than Hyderabad when the latter becomes the capital of Telangana in 2024.
Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi could not deliver on his promise of causing " an earthquake" in Parliament by revealing the damaging information relating to " Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s personal involvement in corruption" , but he has assured his party MPs that he has " solid proof" .
Jehanabad ( Bihar) , Jul 10 ( PTI) Consuming liquor in this central district of the dry state of Bihar has proved costly for two brothers with a court sentencing them to five years in jail and slapping a fine of Rs one lakh each.
The apex court dismissed Karnataka government' s review petition to declare former chief minister of Tamil Nadu J Jayalalithaa a convict in the DA case.
Briefing media in state capital, Assam' s Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that this is a draft population policy and that they have suggested that people having more than two children will not be eligible for any government jobs.
New Delhi, Feb 21 ( PTI) The Jet Airways aircraft flying from London, which lost contact with the ATC over European airspace while on its way to Mumbai, was a training flight for the pilot- in- command at the time of the incident, sources said.
Days after a Rajasthan High Court judge said that peacocks do not have sex and peahens get pregnant by drinking the tears of peacocks, the number of visitors at Choolannur sanctuary in Palakkad, Kerala, has gone up.
In a shocking remark, Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan today said the excesses of the Army in Jammu and Kashmir and other sensitive areas forced women to chop off the private parts of soldiers in revenge.
Within 18 hours of resigning as Bihar chief minister, Nitish Kumar took oath on Thursday as the head of the government for the sixth time with the BJP?
OnePlus 5 becomes the best selling smartphone during the Amazon Prime day, claims the online retail store.
Forces have shot down Sabzar Ahmad Bhat, a top Hizbul Mujahideen commander, in an encounter in Pulwama' s Tral that has been going on since Friday.
I wanted to stand by the girl, so we all started pelting stones at police, " the female coach told India Today.
Beijing, Jun 9 ( PTI) Fossils of a completely preserved crocodile and bones belonging to at least six different dinosaurs, dating back 145 to 66 million years, have been unearthed in northeast China.
The accused, Raju alias Painter ( 33) , and his three associates - Dharmender, Arun Kumar and Vikas Yadav - had murdered Indira Devi ( 65) at her Vikaspuri flat late on January 25 night in 2004.
Even as Assam reels under floods a Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG) report revealed a shortfall of 60% in the release of central funds for the state?
Rajkummar Rao and Anjali Patil- starrer political satire Newton, which had its world premiere at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival ( also called Berlinale) , has won the International Federation of Art Cinemas ( CICAE) award in its Forum segment.
This comes just days after two Hizb- ul- Mujahideen militants were killed in an encounter in south Kashmir' s Pulwama district.
Srinagar, Jan 27 ( PTI) Two pregnant women, holed up in their houses due to heavy snowfall, were shifted by police to hospital in Anantnag district, while eight residential houses and three school buildings were damaged in different parts of Kashmir valley, police said today.
( Virat Kohli furious after Steve Smith tried to cheat) Smith admitted he should not have looked at the dressing room for any suggestions and said it was brain fade.
Mattoo Jay Kumar, general manager of Mohan Clothing Pvt Ltd, a garments company located in Udyog Vihar, phase- I here, approached the police yesterday.
Capita said that it now charged £ 13, 000 to trainees who wanted to leave before completing their training and two years of work.
An Home Ministry official claimed today said 115 terrorists had made attempts to cross the LoC along the Jammu and Kashmir of which only 19 managed to sneak in.
The outfit claimed it had information the script of the movie contained dream romantic sequence between Allaudin Khilji and Padmavati, an assertion refuted by Sanjay Leela Bhansali Production unit.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath is not only inspiring other BJP ruled states to take measure for waiving off farmers' loans, but even the Congress seems to be taking cue from him.
The tribunal also directed the committee to consult and refer to the findings and suggestions of the expert panel, appointed by NGT earlier, before submitting the restoration action plan.
Meanwhile while government and its minister of excise are promoting ' liquor' calling it ' healthy' several villagers particularly women attacked a liquor shop in Atmakur of Nellore.
- The second option available to Kulbhushan Jadhav is to appeal in a civilian court for ' review' of the FGCM judgment.
s Ayaz Akbar and Mehrajuddin Kalwal, Shahid- ul- Islam, who is from the Mirwaiz faction of the Hurriyat, Nayeem Khan of the Jammu Kashmir National Front and Peer Saifullah were arrested in Srinagar.
Pope Francis has lambasted media organisations that focus on scandals and smears and promote fake news as a means of discrediting people in public life.
The US energy secretary Rick Perry has become the latest victim of a pair of Russian phone pranksters who have previously fooled Elton John into thinking he was chatting to Vladimir Putin.
London, Jun 27 ( PTI) Singer Ed Sheeran cleared the air that he did not resort to lip- syncing at his Glastonbury concert after he was accused of performing the show on backing tracks.
The Supreme Court' s revival of the conspiracy charge against BJP veteran LK Advani in the Babri Masjid demolition case is itself a conspiracy of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to remove the BJP veteran from the Presidential race, Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD) chief Lalu Prasad said today.
? Vipul Amrutlal Shah has directed Action Replayy, Aankhen, Waqt, Namastey London and has also produced films like Singh Is Kinng and Holiday.
When she picked up one of the calls Saturday evening, the caller offered her money for a night out and even abused Koena, the report said.
. This is the first time an Airbnb host has been penalized for racial discrimination under a landmark agreement between the San Francisco- headquartered accommodation marketplace and the California department of fair employment and housing ( DFEH) , announced earlier this year.
Saleem was booked by Chennai airport cops for sedition over a voice message that he received on WhatsApp. The message was considered as " anti- national" and an FIR was filed against Saleem on Saturday.
The Maharashtra government on Tuesday admitted that adopting online assessment system by the University of Mumbai ( MU) for evaluating answer papers delayed declaration of results.
A Family Welfare Committee ( FWC) in every district will scrutinise dowry harassment cases before local police can arrest the accused, the Supreme Court said on Thursday, laying down a set of guidelines to curb misuse of the law.
In return, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, who is seeking re- election for a second term, has now challenged the Modi government at the centre to issue a blanket ban on meat exports.
The commission requested this publicly available data as part of its fact- gathering process, which is information that states regularly release to political candidates, political parties and the general public, ?
The song pairs Emraan with actor Sunny Leone for the first time. Emraan is all praise for the 36- year old actor.
After reports that exhibitors had given 60 screens to Shah Rukh Khan' s Raees for every 40 seats they gave to Kaabil, Rakesh Roshan got livid and threatened to stop making films altogether.
As stipulated under the Drugs ( Prices Control) Order ( DPCO) 2013, NPPA fixes ceiling price of essential medicines of Schedule I.
Mumbai, Jan 10 ( PTI) Gold continues to be the highest smuggled contraband seized by central agencies across the country in 2015- 16, though there had been a dip in seizure compared to the previous year, according to DRI.
Former minister Kapil Mishra was beaten up by fellow AAP MLAs inside the Delhi Assembly today as he tried to raise slogans against CM Arvind Kejriwal and health minister Satyendra Jain.
The arrested were identified as Kishor Vishwakarma, Bir Sen and Mukesh Lal. They had allegedly robbed Pankaj Goel and his nephew Shivam while they were on their way to deposit Rs 7.
Saharanpur ( UP) , Apr 30 ( PTI) Yoga guru Ramdev said today that Patanjali Ayurveda, promoted by him, will steal the march over multinational firms manufacturing consumer products.
Their failure means that Trump will mark six months in office on Thursday without a major legislative achievement, despite Republicans controlling the White House, Senate and House of Representatives.
Singh, who reviewed the flood situation in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur with officials of these states here, said the damage caused by the rains was ?
But when you clash ( at the box office) obviously the window is not that big as far as business is concerned, " Rohit told PTI.
Now, almost five years after the Master Blaster' s retirement, his son Arjun gave England a mighty scare before the Lord' s Test against South Africa got underway.
05pm BST 14: 05  Lap 53: Quick places recap: 1 Bottas 2 Vettel 3 Ricciardo 4 Hamilton 5 Raikkonen 6 Grosjean 7 Perez 8 Ocon 9 Massa 10 Stroll.
The car was so badly damaged that extracting the body from the debris took the police almost 45 minutes.
A gang that extorted money from politicians, ministers and bureaucrats by impersonating as top ranked political leaders of the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) was busted by the Delhi police on Friday.
After Nepal Fashion Week ( NFW) crushed her modelling dreams by rejecting her for three consecutive years, Lama came to Mumbai last year to give LFW a shot.
Jaipur/ Srinagar, Dec 29 ( PTI) Congress today demanded that Prime Minister Narendra Modi apologise to the nation for the " suffering" caused to the people by note- ban when he speaks on New Years eve and vowed to hold country- wide protests from January 6.
The Baadshah of Bollywood completes 25 years in films today, and took to Twitter to thank his fans for all their love.
Hyderabad, Feb 26 ( PTI) Adding another feather in her cap, star shuttler Saina Nehwal, who was appointed a member of the International Olympic Committees Athletes Commission ( AC) last year, would be representing the panel in the Badminton World Federation ( BWF) .
North Delhi Mayor Preety Agarwal said the redevelopment of the Town Hall in Chandni Chowk - - the headquarters of the erstwhile unified MCD - - into a centre of cultural and social heritage would be taken up on a PPP model.
By Lalit K Jha                Washington, Jul 15 ( PTI) Rising sectarian attacks in India might help drive support to al- Qaeda, a top US expert has told lawmakers, noting that the terror group is trying to reassert itself in the Indian subcontinent.
Sources said Gurumurthy' s proposal is part of a BJP plan to enter the state riding on the massive popularity and cult status enjoyed by Rajinikanth in Tamil Nadu.
He said, " The Delhi government did not do anything for Shahabad Dairy region.
Last night comedian Sunil Grover supported the singer and tweeted, " I know @ sonunigam sir he will not hurt anyone' s religious sentiments ever.
The rooms, which were once the office of a senior official, have been painted with colourful motifs and stocked with story books, art and craft material, puzzles and toys to engage children between 3 to 12 years of age.
From Aditi Khanna London, Mar 5 ( PTI) Tata Steel may be considering breaking off talks over a planned merger of its European business with German conglomerate Thyssenkrupp, a UK media report claimed today.
Under the ' Pehchaan' initiative, children belonging to poor families residing in JJ clusters and resettlement colonies are being registered and photographed from time to time with the district police " so that they can be traced if they happen to go missing in future" , Bhagat said.
Chennai Police Commissioner Sebastian George has been transferred out of the city ahead of by- polls in former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa' s constituency, Tamil media reports said on Saturday.
A video posted by BSF jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav complaining about the bad quality of food had gone viral, triggering a flurry of reactions.
Idrees demanded that both Atul Garg as well as the Peace Party candidate on Agra Cantonment seat Rakesh Valmiki should be given the toughest of punishments for trying to influence voters with money.
The duration of the 2017 Republic Day parade will be around 95 minutes during which 23 tableaux from various states and central government departments will showcase development and cultural and historical events.
f. k) on Jan 15, 2017 at 11: 46am PST The picture was taken at Fawad and Sadaf' s son' s birthday bash.
At least three terrorists were killed in an encounter in Nagaland' s Mon district, the Indian Army said on Wednesday morning.
As the officers cannot work under OPS without AIADMK head' s nod, the state machinery has come to a halt" , he stated.
With Madame Tussauds all set to come to Delhi, one of the unexpected names of celeb statues that has surfaced is that of singer Shreya Ghoshal.
Shooting photos today of the lovely @ priyankachopra for # heartheworldfoundation A post shared by Bryan Adams ( @ bryanadams) on Jul 31, 2017 at 3: 47pm PDTBryan also shared a slightly different selfie with her on his own Instagram.
Listing out the achievements of his dispensation, the AAP chief said his government has halved power tariff in the city and provided free water to Delhites, but the BJP and the Congress would not allow it to continue if they win the polls.
s content to say the font was available from 2004, Wikipedia suspended editing on its Calibri page ?
Rejuvenated after a two- month break, India' s premier off- spinner Ravichandran Ashwin says that he is ready with a bagful of new tricks, which he hopes to display during the upcoming Champions Trophy.
After being awarded death sentence, the four convicts in the Nirbhaya gangrape and murder case will soon file a review petition in the Supreme Court.
The state education department said it will hold a meeting with elected representatives and stakeholders to consider admitting students in colleges near their homes and request the Bombay high court to amend the existing rules.
India will host its first WTA tournament in five years when the city of Mumbai stages a USD 125, 000 event in November, giving home players an opportunity to compete with the world' s top- 50.
Soni Razdan has advised actor Anupam Kher to carry biscuits and dried fruits to events after the latter blanked out at an awards function earlier this month.
Army Chief Gen Bipin Rawat said the process to allow women in combat role, currently an exclusive domain of men, is moving fast and initially women will be recruited for positions in military police.
The girl, Ayaat, lived with her parents and six other siblings in a cramped rented accommodation in Old Seelampur.
Surinder Koli, the prime accused in the Nithari killing cases, was awarded the death penalty again by a Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) court in Ghaziabad on Friday.
Jaipur, Feb 24 ( PTI) The site of an indefinite hunger strike for Special Backward Class quota turned into the marriage venue for 26- year- old Devraj Gujjar, who tied the nuptial knot here, as he chose not to leave the protest.
I would like to caution you not to go near them as they can harm you, " Akhilesh said in a press conference at the Samajwadi Party' s office.
Agitating doctors in Maharashtra have been asked to resume work by 8 pm today or risk losing six months' worth of salary, state minister for medical education Girish Mahajan said today.
The Duke of Edinburgh has shocked and sometimes delighted the public with his outspoken comments and clangers. He claimed he was misunderstood. In fact, the duke has been ? misunderstood?
Ruling Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) , opposition Congress and new entity Aam Aadmi party ( AAP) makes it triangular battle in Goa. Weeks before the poll AAP Chief and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind kejriwal kick starts his poll campaign in Goa today.
Party presidium chairman E Madhusudanan, who was earlier in the day expelled by VK Sasikala, hit back at the general secretary in the evening.
" When Amma ( J Jayalalithaa) was Chief Minister, she brought in a lot of public welfare schemes.
The Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh has now slammed the Bihar Board asserting that the re- evaluation results reveal that initially answers sheets were evaluated by inexpert examiners.
So, obviously, there are a lot of expectations from Ek Tha Tiger' s sequel Tiger Zinda Hai, starring Salman Khan and helmed by the Sultan director Ali Abbas Zafar.
The International Cricket Council ( ICC) on Saturday threatened to suspend a venue for two years if it accumulated 10 demerit points for substandard pitches and outfields during international matches.
Advocating the move, Home Ministry officials said most of the developed countries change security features of their currency notes every 3- 4 years and therefore, it is absolutely necessary for India to follow this policy.
Hrithik Roshan and Sussanne Khan' s romance was the stuff of legend. The childhood sweethearts' marriage gave us goals for over thirteen years, and their separation was a major jolt.
Pakistan appears to have been rattled by India' s strong response to its frequent ceasefire violations at the Line of Control ( LoC) as the country' s air force has activated all operating forward bases, reports say.
Ansari fell unconscious after the assault, but the mob continued thrashing him until the police intervened, sources said.
m sure that the people who live in cities have no conception of what a gun means to a person in a small town like this.
' MEDIA SHOULD PLAY A POSITIVE ROLE' Adityanath, who was addressing a gathering at the swearing- in ceremony of new office bearers of Gorakhpur Press Club announced that he will establish rule of law in the state.
Mumbai, Mar 26 ( PTI) Banker Uday Kotak has said the BJPs win in the recent state polls is positive for economic reforms and the government should now focus on re- activating " animal spirits" of the private sector to invest.
They have collaborated with Colosceum Media, that has produced shows like Roadies, Splitsvilla and MasterChef to launch a bhajan reality show.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet chief ministers of 13 BJP- ruled states and members of the party' s parliamentary board today.
51 lakh penalty, Rs 51, 000 will be given to the person who provides information about the cow slaughter, " The Indian Express quoted Mohammed Gaffar, a former village pradhan, as saying.
Abdul Qayyum Sheikh, who was acquitted of all the charges by the special TADA court in connection with the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, today said that he will stay in India and that it is his homeland.
Citing Pakistan' s decision to sentence Kulbhushan Jadhav to death, Thackeray' s Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS) workers on Tuesday stormed into fashion brand Zara' s showroom in Lower Parel and threw away clothes bearing Made in Pakistan tags.
The number of unsafe or dangerous buildings under the New Delhi Municipal Council stands at 124, Union minister of state for home affairs Hansraj Gangaram Ahir said.
The allegations emerged at a hearing in federal court as part of a lawsuit the DoL filed against Google in January, seeking to compel the company to provide salary data and documents to the government.
Dhanush recently walked out of the interview after the interviewer asked questions about his personal life. WATCH: Dhanush walks out of interview after question about personal life
According to a Dainik Bhaskar report, pension money is deposited in the bank accounts directly but the secretary went ahead to pay the pensions of many in the village, in the old currency.
Rikku, in the article, writes that all the scandals that Madhuri Dixit had to face in her life were created by producers.
Cattle smuggled from India is harming the economy of Bangladesh, a senior officer of Border Guards of Bangladesh said on Saturday and formally requested the Border Security Force ( BSF) to stop it.
? We are working on preparing a robust municipal policy to ensure the development of civic facilities in villages on a par with urban areas. Poor civic amenities in villages affect urban areas as well, officials said.
Parallel services of Naturist Cleaner include packages in which the owners can be naked as well, while the cleaning staff polish their windows and make their beds on nude- mode.
The arrest of a 32- year- old man with around 2kg of drug methaqualone at Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport has led to suspicion that he was working for a syndicate, said an officer of Air Intelligence Unit ( AIU) .
Former international athlete Anil Sharma, 43, who has won several medals for the country, is battling for his life in a city hospital after a group of seven to eight men thrashed him with bricks and rods in Central Delhi' s Paharganj area on Friday evening.
Tirupati, Dec 21 ( PTI) Devotees of Lord Venkateswara who want to trek the Tirumala hills here on foot will now have to produce their Aadhar card as identify proof for getting authorised tickets for privileged special entry darshan and laddus.
Another senior official told India Today that the Goverdhan Parikrama in Vrindavan will be developed as per the interest shown by Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath himself, while the Sanjhi art- form of Braj will be preserved and developed with the help of the World Bank.
The Lucknow zone comprises 11 districts adjoining the state capital.
Actor Salman Khan once again proved to be the Sultan of Bollywood by paying the highest advance tax after beating Akshay Kumar and Hrithik Roshan in the financial year 2016- 17.
Today ( Monday) , IOC and Nepal Oil Corporation signed agreement for supplying fuels for the next 5 years, " Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said at the MoU signing event.
The BJP today dismissed reports that the RSS had anything to do with the selection of hardliner Yogi Adityanath as the Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister and said it is unfair to criticise the decision without giving the Gorakhpur MP a " fair opportunity" to govern.
Donald Trump has accused James Comey, the former director of the FBI, of leaking classified material by passing a memo of their private conversations to the press.
? Sir Bruce Keogh, medical director of NHS England, said that an honest conversation about public funding of drugs was needed.
The South Delhi Municipal Corporation ( SDMC) is planning to install 100 mobile toilet vans at jhuggis/ slum clusters falling under its jurisdiction, inorder to achieve 100% open defecation- free ( ODF) tag.
And Richardson admitted that there should be some differentiation in global events and, therefore, the 2021 Champions Trophy, scheduled to be held in India, is not guaranteed to go ahead, the Dawn reported.
Madhya Pradesh Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced in the state assembly that the government from now on will give Rs one crore as compensation to the family members of anyone from the state who attains martyrdom for the country.
" Amongst the emerging economies, if we look at India, I think it is a refreshing change from what is happening in rest of the world, " the finance minister said.
Mumbai, Jun 29 ( PTI) Industrialist Anil Ambani today termed the Goods and Services Tax ( GST) , being rolled out from July 1, as Indias " economic freedom" and said it would make the country the biggest free and democratic market in the history of humankind.
Protesters in Tamil Nadu' s Thirunelveli organised a ' wedding' of two men in order to vent their outrage against TASMAC liquor shops.
All residents of Haryana having Aadhaar- seeded saving bank accounts, in the age group of 18 to 70 years, would be entitled to join the scheme, he said.
Kiren Rijiju ( @ KirenRijiju) March 1, 2017Gorde is seen in the video speaking against sympathisers of the 2001 Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru, who was hanged in February 2013, JNU students who held a rally during his death anniversary last year, and critics of the army?
Nawaz Sharif meets Clinton in WashingtonJuly 5: Sharif announces pull- out of Pakistani troops from KargilJuly 11: Pakistan begins pull outJuly 14: India declares operation Vijay a successJuly 26: Kargil war comes to an end.
Last year, Beyonce released her epic visual album, Lemonade.
The Delhi Police have suspended a head constable who was allegedly caught accepting an unidentified object from a gang of women pickpockets on CCTV at the Chawri Bazar Metro station.
com for selling shoes with Om symbol while another complaint was made against www.
s an impossible photograph and my once in a lifetime shot that shows the power of nature.
The Income Tax department dealt a body blow to the reputation of the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) by attaching assets allegedly amassed illegally by Satyendar Jain, a senior minister in the Delhi government.
as the ambassador of team Tamil Thalaivas ( co- owned by Sachin Tendulkar) for the fifth season of Pro Kabbadi League.
India had defeated Pakistan in their Champions Trophy opener on June 4 and there was the usual social media banter between supporters of the two teams.
? Rodionov said Wimbledon provided him with two white pairs. s a little bit too much but I like that the players only have to wear white.
Malmsteen ( @ Gargotheron) July 24, 2017Nicholas Cage in Kazakhstan in our traditional attire lmao pic.
For the past one year, the Mumbai and Thane police were getting regular complaints of house break- ins within minutes by unknown thieves.
" The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs made a statement on 26 June 2017 alleging that Indian border troops crossed the boundary line in the Sikkim sector of the China- India boundary and entered Chinese territory.
The court held the accused, 30- year- old Utsav Bhasin, guilty of rash driving, voluntarily causing hurt on provocation and causing death by negligence.
While Dangal is breaking record after record in China, Fatima has already started shooting for her next big release Thugs Of Hindostan in Malta.
A furious Rahul Gandhi stormed out of his jeep, pushed a policeman as he tried to stop him and other Congress leaders from entering Madhya Pradesh today.
Through cakes, I wanted to highlight the present situation, " said a worker at the bakery.
I think a debutant award is meant for someone working on his first film.
You may have to pay a parking penalty of Rs 100 an hour for leaving your car on the road in areas under the North Delhi Municipal Corporation.
s top military officer on Saturday accused India of targeting the US $ 50 billion China- Pakistan Economic Corridor ( CPEC) project through ?
# girllove# womensrightsarehumanrightsPriyanka Chopra earlier today tweeted that she was proud of all the women and men who had joined the ' women' s march' .
Police said, Abdul Kadir, a cash custodian from the bank, took out a bag full of money from the van and was walking towards the ATM when three men on a bike snatched it from him.
Taking a dig at both the Congress as well as the AAP, Tiwari said the people of Delhi have now decided not to be hoodwinked by false promises.
New Delhi, Jun 17 ( PTI) Two men have been arrested and a juvenile apprehended for allegedly killing an 18- year- old boy after he refused to lend his scooter to one of the accused in northeast Delhis Nand Nagri area, police said today.
The BJP- led Centre had appointed Ram Nath Kovind, 76, as Bihar Governor in August 2015 with a view to wooing the Dalits in the state Assembly elections held in December that year.
SMUGGLERS CONCEALING CONTRABAND INSIDE THEIR BODIESMultiple security agencies deployed at IGI observed that smuggling of gold, silver and contrabands have been on the rise since last year with passengers concealing them inside their bodies.
Bryson William Verdun Hayes, known as Verdun, broke the world record on Sunday, completing a tandem skydive with three generations of his family at an airfield in Honiton, Devon.
Speeding, driving in the wrong lane, and suddenly crossing the road, often by pedestrians, have emerged as three major reasons for road mishaps in Gurgaon, according to an analysis of around 200 accidents by the city police.
Till the time they get the certificate, the sale of these cold drinks has been banned, " Sachin Shukla, Assistant General Manager, Western Central Railway said.
The district authorities have identified these voters in six assembly constituencies.
# NotAllStarKids, the hashtag would read, if social media got wind of what Vivek Oberoi had to go through to bag the now- iconic role of Chandu in Ram Gopal Varma' s 2002 film Company and made the story viral.
Instead, the app will enable payments through the fingerprint scanner, by authenticating the biometric details of a user with Aadhaar database. To enable the transactions through BHIM- Aadhar, merchants will have to purchase fingerprint scanners.
US President Donald Trump has accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi' s invite to visit India, the White House said in a statement shortly after the two world leaders met in Washington.
Indian boxers Shiva Thapa ( 60kg) , Sumit Sangwan ( 91kg) and Amit Phangal ( 49kg) entered the semi- finals of their weight categories at the Asian Boxing Championships on Wednesday.
( Dhoni as Indian Premier League skipper: Two titles, 83 wins) ( WATCH VIDEO HERE) Dhoni was replaced with Australian captain Steve Smith and the Pune franchise owner Sanjiv Goenka had said the team needed a young captain with vision and zest to lead them in the IPL this year.
Asking the authorities to find out about the burial practices prevailing elsewhere in the world, a bench of Acting Chief Justice Gita Mittal and Justice C Hari Shankar said as the population was rising, the death rate was also growing, but the land remained the same.
A suspected burglar who was shot in an encounter by two policemen succumbed to his injuries at the Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital in Rohini, North Delhi, early on Thursday.
Ravi Shastri, a day after being named as the next Indian cricket team head coach, announced that individuals don?
23am GMT 11: 23  Fifth set: Federer 7- 5, 6- 3, 1- 6, 4- 6, 2- 2 Wawrinka* ( * denotes server) : Wawrinka shows the first sign of weakness on serve for a while, netting a backhand to make it 0- 15.
14 billion in the week to April 21, helped by increase in foreign currency assets, the Reserve Bank said.
The Maharashtra government plans to launch a mobile app where farmers can fill their loan waiver forms.
3 billion investment to produce one million smart vans in partnership with domestic automakers for efficient delivery.
Sources said the governments decision to divest stake in Air India was discussed today at the meeting of the Department- related Parliamentary Standing Committee on Transport, Tourism and Culture.
West Bengal Class 12 topper Archisman Panigrahi is in a unique predicament, his name tops the Jadavpur University ( JU) merit list in four subjects without him ever applying to the varsity.
As per budget manual, expenditure should not be incurred on a scheme and service without any provision of funds, the CAG said.
Three men transporting buffaloes in truck ( were) allegedly roughed up by members of an animal rights group in south east Delhi' s Kalkaji.
The Goods and Services Tax ( GST) is a very simple tax and several misunderstandings are being spread about this new taxation system, Union finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Saturday.
Fadnavis, who on Thursday appealed resident doctors to call off their strike, had said in the Assembly today that ' enough was enough' and that continuing the strike despite assurances was totally insensitive.
A flight lieutenant was caught stealing a wallet from a CSD canteen in Mumbai on CCTV cameras and has been court- martialled by the Indian Air Force for the petty theft worth Rs 531.
With several parts of Uttar Pradesh receiving heavy rains, water levels in major rivers have started rising with Ghaghra and Sharda flowing above the danger mark at some places.
Superstar Jr NTR, who will be seen in the Telugu version of Big Boss, is teaming up with Bobby for Jai Lava Kusa.
Mumbai, Apr 30 ( PTI) Actor Irrfan Khan reveals filmmaker Tigmanshu Dhulia had offered him to play the titular role in " Revolver Rani, " which later went to Kangana Ranaut.
Trump, in a May interview with Time magazine, had praised the White House for its ? The real beauty of the White House, ?
A complaint of molestation has been lodged against the actor by a 20- year- old model.
Rakesh Roshan makes box office prediction Kaabil and Raees will be battling for audience' s attention. Do you think it hurts the films, and more so your relationship with Shah Rukh Khan?
Altogether Peter has written three applications to trial court seeking several relaxations while he is lodged in jail on the charges of conspiring murder of Sheena Bora, the daughter of his wife Indrani Mukerjea.
Samajwadi Party vice- president Kiranmay Nanda, who was sacked for attending National Executive meet, has alleged that Mulayam Singh Yadav' s signature may have been forged on two different orders which were issued on January 1.
In an interview with Filmfare, Shahid talked about the debacle of his last release. I am happy my part was appreciated but I am sad for the film not doing well, " he said.
s reply on a contempt plea alleging the government failed to act against political parties, including the Congress and BJP, for allegedly accepting donations from foreign companies despite a 2014 court direction.
Noted filmmaker KR Mohanan died  in Thiruvananthapuram on Sunday, his family said.
The lone African white rhino at the Assam State Zoo died of old age late Tuesday night, officials said.
The deceased identified as Kiran Kumar, a native of Krishnalanka locality of the city, was playing cricket along with few of his friends in P& T colony ground.
Two years ago, in a demonstration of communal harmony, some Muslims in Bihar' s east Champaran district donated land to help build a Hindu temple.
The affected districts of western UP include Agra, Oraiyya, Badaun, Bulandshehar, Etawah, Firozabad, Ghaziabad, Noida, Jhansi, Hamirpur, Jalaun, Jyotiba Phule Nagar, Hathras, Mahoba, Mathura, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Rampur, Pilibhit, Saharanpur, and Etah.
Even before the row over the order asking cine- goers to stand up before a movie for the National Anthem died down, the Supreme Court Tuesday admitted a plea which said " equal respect and status" should be given to National Song Vande Mataram too.
ALSO READ: Baahubali 2 box- office collection day 22- Prabhas- Rana' s epic enters Rs 1500- crore club
All that changed in 1947, when the voice of Lata Mangeshkar exploded in India cinema, wiping away all other singing prototypes.
The Municipal Corporation of Gurugram ( MCG) , which earlier waived off property tax for several malls on the condition of providing free basement parking to city residents, has decided to put up ?
Former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa was 68- year- old when she passed away on December 5 and her party AIADMK has claimed that since then, a total of 597 supporters have died after hearing the news of Amma' s death.
She then took a Metro and carried the body from southwest Delhi to Gurgaon.
Home to about 2, 500 curated vintage cars, buses, trains and pre- mechanised modes of transportation like bullock carts and even boats and an aviation gallery, the museum is the brainchild of Tarun Thakral, founder and managing trustee, and traces the evolution of modes of transport in India.
The stock of as many as 61 types of ammunition - out of a total of 152 types of ammunition considered critical by the Indian Army to fight a war - is available for just 10 days only, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India ( CAG) has found.
In its first decision on the issue of women wearing Islamic headscarves at work, the European court of justice in Luxembourg ruled the garments could be banned, but only as part of a general policy barring all religious and political symbols.
While the Congress still managed to win some seats, the Mayawati- led Bahujan Samaj Party was completely decimated in the Uttarakhand assembly election.
( Virat Kohli ecstatic after historic triumph: ' Our best series win so far' ) Jadeja, who ended India' s home Test season with 74 wickets in 14 matches at an outstanding average of 22.
Ahead of the Republic day function, security forces gunned down two militants in Ganderbal area of central Kashmir today.
His dig at the Prime Minister came a day after Modi said he takes inspiration from the " loyal" and " hard working" animal and was amused that UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav was " afraid" of Gujarat' s donkeys.
New Delhi, Aug 1 ( PTI) Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said a " proper decision" would be taken on Air Indias future in a competitive market and that it would be in the governments interest to protect jobs at the airline.
The  46- year- old actor in an interview to DNA said that he wants a more stable profession for his daughter.
Rumblings in the Aam Aadmi Party continue today with sacked Delhi Water Minister Kapil Mishra making a dramatic allegation, accusing Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal of corruption.
In a step towards improving the public transport in the city, the Delhi government has added 100 new GPS- enabled buses in its fleet and plans to add 250 more during the next two months and 450 AC buses this year.
Amid suspense over next UP CM, Yogi Adityanath flies to Delhi to meet Amit Shah As both Adityanath and Maurya met Amit Shah in Delhi, their supporters in Lucknow demonstrated in a show of strength, demanding their leader should be made the state Chief Minister.
Zakaria' s remarks came two days after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in New Delhi said that she had written a " personal letter" to Adviser to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz asking for approval of Avantika' s visa application so that she may travel to Pakistan.
( AFP)  						Styles is on top of the most gorgeous eyes category due to the length of his eyes and the distance between them, with 98.
Precontract preparations underway on the supplies of the S- 400 anti- aircraft missile complexes to India, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin told reporters in St Petersburg.
80 lakh posts are lying vacant in Uttar Pradesh where the sanctioned strength of police force is 3, 64, 200 personnel.
Speaking exclusively to AajTak, Uma Bharti said, " I am happy to be an accused in the Ayodhya movement case.
I too dont have the right) , " Bhagwat said yesterday while releasing a book here.
She sent the bag to NASA for authentication, and when tests revealed it was used by Armstrong and still had moon dust traces inside, the US space agency decided to keep it.
A local said, " After our complaint, BMC officials came to the spot and inspected the tree.
Mulayam said that the party lost because of his humiliation by his own family, as even after the Ayodhya incident, the party had not faced such a terrible defeat.
Hitting out at Nitish Kumar for joining hands with the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) in Bihar, Congress vice- president Rahul Gandhi said that he knew that such a plan was in the making for the last three- four months.
Top intelligence sources said inputs have been received according to which leaders of the front organisations of the CPI( Maoist) have urged their central leadership to target the election rallies of the Prime Minister, union home minister Rajnath Singh and BJP President Amit Shah.
s ruling allies appeared headed for a major confrontation on Tuesday, with a senior Janata Dal ( United) leader saying partner Rashtriya Janata Dal has four days to dispel corruption allegations against deputy chief minister Tejashwi Yadav and his father Lalu Prasad.
" The expert committee on Consumer Protection Bill, 2015 has recommended a penalty of Rs 10 lakh and imprisonment of up to two years or both for a first offence by a celebrity responsible for false and misleading claims.
Goa Assembly Election results 2017 LIVE BLOG: Will debutante Aam Aadmi Party fail to make an impact?
In a stunning show of dominance, India clinched five gold to top the medal tally for first time in the history of Asian Athletics Championships, pushing China to second spot, in their most successful campaign in the continental flagship event here today.
s historic march along with the veterans of Indian Army and JNU students and teachers.
Germaine Mason, the British athlete who won a high jump silver medal at the 2008 Olympics, has died in a motorcycle accident in Jamaica.
s Liberation Army ( PLA) will increase the numbers of other services, including navy and missile forces, the PLA Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese military, reported.
The university has prepared a list of more than 1, 000 teachers from its affiliated colleges who will receive such notices, said the official.
Pakistan batsmen were not aggressive enough while the bowlers looked jaded, contributing to a whitewash in the three- Test series against Australia, chief selector Inzamam- ul- Haq has said.
The Finance Minster announced several measures for improving Railways as he outlined the focus of the government on passenger safety, development, cleanliness and accounting and financing.
There is only a 5% chance that the Earth will avoid warming by at least 2C come the end of the century, according to new research that paints a sobering picture of the international effort to stem dangerous climate change.
In the army, orders were issued by the adjutant general' s branch to canteens that they have to turn fully cashless from March 1 and the local formations have been asked to spread the message among the serving and retired personnel, the sources said.
Iyer revealed that he was sledged by Wade and vice captain Warner when he was going great guns but it did not affect him as he was used to it following tours to Australia with the India A team in the past.
Lucknow, May 12 ( PTI) The Uttar Pradesh government is considering a proposal to declare " no school bag day" on Saturdays in state- run schools.
Days after the killing of an Indian fisherman allegedly by the Sri Lankan Navy, the country today released 53 fishermen.
The Fifa president, Gianni Infantino, has robustly defended the decision to expand the World Cup from 32 competing national teams to 48, which will begin with the 2026 tournament, in the face of immediate criticism from top European clubs.
The scam involved 13 different exams conducted by Vyapam, for selection of medical students and state government employees ( including food inspectors, transport constables, police personnel, school teachers, dairy supply officers and forest guards) .
The Dangal actor can be seen chilling on the beach in Maldives in a black halter swimsuit in her latest photoshoot, and appreciation for her pictures soon started pouring in.
Pune, Jul 17 ( PTI) Congress leader Rohit Tilak, who is the great- grandson of Bal Gangadhar Tilak, was today booked for allegedly raping a woman and forcing her into " unnatural" sex, the police said.
Bhansali has earlier launched star kids Ranbir Kapoor and Sonam Kapoor, who also worked as assistant directors with him.
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) stopped printing 2, 000- rupee notes about five months ago, stepping up instead the production of smaller bills, including a new Rs 200, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.
" Maulana Nurur Rehman Imam Barkati also said that he will continue to use the red- beacon as permission for it was given by the erstwhile " British Government" .
According to a report in The News Minute, members of a group called the Arekatika Porata Samithi filed a complaint with the Hyderabad police on Sunday against SS Rajamouli, the director of Baahubali 2: The Conclusion.
ALSO READ: Aadhaar card may become mandatory for online train ticket booking
The Kerala high court on Monday rejected the bail plea of Malayalam superstar Dileep, who was arrested two weeks ago in connection with the attack and sexual assault on a popular woman actor.
s elected MLAs and MPs voted to elect the next President and BJP- led NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind appears to have the advantage against his opponent Meira Kumar, a former Lok Sabha Speaker and the opposition?
Punjab chief minister Capt Amarinder Singh on Sunday announced a cash reward of Rs five lakh for cricketer Harmanpreet Kaur for her performance that steered India to the finals of ICC Women?
A Democratic congressman has become the first US lawmaker to formally file an article of impeachment against President Donald Trump, but the effort is likely to stall in the Republican- controlled Congress.
Akali Dal workers allegedly fired at Aam Aadmi Party men. " By asking people to vote for Kejriwal as Punjab chief minister, Manish Sisodia has exposed their plans.
Vijayawada, Dec 25 ( PTI) Andhra Pradeshs own classical dance Kuchipudi found a place in the Guinness World Records yet again when a record 6, 117 dancers came together to present a show at the IGMC Stadium here this evening.
The Multilateral Convention is an outcome of the OECD/ G20 Project to tackle Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ( BEPS) which is resorted to by MNCs through tax planning strategies by exploiting gaps and mismatches in tax rules.
( Also read: Shahid Afridi plans to turn freelance cricketer ) Afridi finishes his international career having played 27 Test matches, in which he hit 1, 176 runs with a highest score of 156 and 48 wickets.
Explaining the reasons for constructing multi- level car parking lots, north MCD additional commissioner Renu Jagdev, said: ?
During the discussion, Congress MP Mallikarjun Kharge criticised the Prime Minister for not talking about the issue enough and listed the various incidents of lynchings across the country.
Jamat- ud- Dawa acting chief Hafiz Abdul Rehman Makki on Thursday said that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif celebrated Hindu festival ' Holi' to please the Indian government.
New Delhi, Jul 30 ( PTI) Feeding or sheltering stray dogs in the common area of a private property can cause nuisance, the Delhi High Court has said, warning two south Delhi residents to ensure that the canines do not cause fear or discomfort to others.
Fans who turned up to watch a MS Dhoni special returned disappointed even as Jharkhand cruised to a comfortable seven- wicket win over Services for their second victory in the Vijay Hazare Trophy on Tuesday.
The decision to give Akshay Kumar the Best Actor for Rustom over other contenders like Aamir Khan ( Dangal) and Manoj Bajpayee ( Aligarh) has been questioned, with many alleging that the jury headed by Priyadarshan was biased.
s counsel Arun Panwar further informed the court that they have even directed all the hospitals in the capital, including hospitals under central government to provide free treatment to such victims.
? My election as President of India is to represent all such Kovinds toiling away to make a living, ?
Ironically, UP Water Resources Minister Dharampal Singh accompanied him when she tossed the plastic bottle into the Saryu.
From Seema Hakhu Kachru Houston, Mar 17 ( PTI) An American business group will organise a conference here to discuss the latest developments and best practices of doing business in India.
As the first Shanghai court to make use of Taobaos online auction platform, it sold a confiscated Chinese ship for 769.
? says an angry Randhir Kapoor, referring to the social network trolls pointing fingers at his daughter, Kareena Kapoor Khan, for occasionally taking out me- time while she has a seven- month- old son.
Bill in LS seeks cap on guestsThe man' s younger brother was standing near him and pushed him aside to tie the thali to the bride, as reported by New Indian Express.
A documentary on Amartya Sen will not be released in Kolkata after filmmaker and economist Suman Ghosh refused to follow the Central Board of Film Certification?
Officials in the ministry said Vardhan also urged the tourism minister to take over the Shahjahanbad redevelopment project as it has been hanging fire for years.
Police arrested eight people on Friday for allegedly stealing about 5 crore litres of crude oil from Cairn India?
The student, identified as Manuj Mehta, used to live with his parents on the third floor of the upscale society and was in the third semester of his engineering course at Northcap University, formerly known as ITM University, in Sector 23A.
Indrani, who is currently serving jail term in Mumbai' s Byculla Jail, is alleged to have forged husband Peter Mukherjea' s signature and addressed letters to two banks to grab joint accounts and fixed deposits.
The draft makes several recommendations seemingly aimed at redefining gender roles starting at a young age, creating new employment opportunities for women as well as providing tax relief to them.
The former MP, who is currently lodged in Delhi' s high security Tihar Jail, is accused in a triple murder case along with seven others namely Dasrath Singh, Rama Singh, Birender Singh, Saheb Singh, Kallu Singh, Sushil Singh and Paras Singh against.
The 42 MLAs are staying at a sprawling resort outside the Karnataka capital since six lawmakers of the party resigned in the run- up to the August 8 election in which Ahmed Patel, political secretary to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, is contesting.
Guaranteed by the Children Government instead of Gauranteed by the Central GovernmentConfirming the development, a senior police officer said that the ATM first dispensed four such Rs 2, 000 notes to a customer.
India has about 137 police personnel to secure every one lakh people, the government has told Parliament.
They tortured me, " Sumaina said her mother- in- law practiced black magic and tried to harm her.
New Delhi, Mar 14 ( PTI) ShopClues board today come out in support of co- founders Radhika Aggarwal and Sanjay Sethi, saying the e- commerce marketplace has made " fantastic progress" under them.
The data provided by the state government in reply to Rawats question in the Assembly today revealed 106 farmers and 181 agricultural labourers have committed suicide during a period of about three months from November 16, 2016 to February ( upto the date of question) this year.
The judge in this case is the presiding deity of a small shrine located at the corner of the Cheruvally Sree Devi temple of Kottayam with an ever growing reputation of helping people wriggle out of legal mess.
Facing pressure from President Donald Trump to cut the cost of new Air Force One aircraft, the US Air Force is negotiating with Boeing to purchase two 747- 8 jetliners that were built for a Russian airline that went bankrupt before they were delivered.
" However, the Dhoom 3 actor added that she should have joined social media a long time ago.
s fashion show, shared his thoughts on the on- going nepotism debate in Bollywood, and also spoke about his television debut.
Manoj Mhatre, leader of the Congress party in the Bhiwandi- Nizampur Municipal Corporation, was attacked with sharp weapons and then shot from point blank range, said police.
National Broadcasting Company ( NBC) journalist Megyn Kelly must be ruing the she did not do her homework properly before meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi in St. Petersburg.
Under the ' Z' category cover, which is the country' s second- highest security categorisation, Singh will be guarded by 24 commandos of the central armed police, with protection also being extended to his home and office.
He said the admission committee is consulting faculties, principals and students on the issue and is discussing the possibility of conducting entrance test for Science and Humanities courses too.
s three- day cultural festival last year will cost more than Rs 42 crore and at least 10 years to fix, according to the expert panel appointed by the National Green Tribunal.
Meanwhile, a veteran Indian- origin Labour MP, Virendra Sharma, was re- elected chair of the Indo- British All Party Parliamentary Group ( APPG) .
Eventually, Portal persuaded easyJet to allocate her son a seat on the final departure of the day to Toulouse, although she said the airline?
" Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, after analysing the power demand situation of past few days, has given directions to his chief secretary to ask all three discoms to increase the number of seats in their call centres, " Manish Sisodia said.
Expressing strong displeasure over the continued logjam in Parliament, President Pranab Mukherjee today said the disruption is " totally unacceptable" .
. He said the 7, 000 sq feet memorial was inaugurated by the then Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on December 29, 2012.
" We Indians want to have our own home in a place where we grew up. Happy to share, we have our 1st ever home in Shimla.
His daughter Athiya made her film debut while son Ahan will soon step into Bollywood and actor Suniel Shetty has said that he is completely immersed in guiding his children in their respective careers now.
New Delhi, Apr 28 ( PTI) Hello, I am an ISI agent.
Lucknow, Dec 24 ( PTI) Taking a dig at Narendra Modis demonetisation move, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav termed cashless economy as a " bigger dream" than achche din and said the note ban will be an issue in the upcoming Assembly elections in the state.
Sanjeev Gautam, a deputy inspector general ( DIG) in the CBI and supervisory officer in the BK Bansal bribery case, has gone back to his parent cadre after completion of his tenure in the agency.
The scenes in Toilet: Ek Prem Katha' s trailer shows the same interaction between characters, " the filmmaker told the publication.
Former India captain Sourav Ganguly on Sunday hailed Virat Kohli' s double hundred in the Mumbai Test and said that the future of Indian cricket rests on the shoulders of the Indian Test skipper.
Banned terror outfits in India are planning to attack foreign nationals hanging out in restaurants and cafes in the Capital, top police sources have warned.
Original Rado watches cost over a lakh and the copes seized by DRI were meant to be sold in the market for Rs 4, 000- 5, 000.
The actor got injured during a fight sequence in Chambal, for the climax of the film, where he had to fight with a group of 19- 20 men.
Mumbai Congress has come up with a unique way to protest against government' s decision of demonetisation.
Sasi reached out to the panchayat to help him with a three- wheeler to set up a small business, but they turned down his repeated requests stating that there is no motorable road till his house.
Reliance is having some technical troubles as it rolls out its Jio Prime offer to Jio users.
Shootjit Sircar' s production Pink bagged the award for The Best Film on Social Issues at the 64th National Awards this year.
This week, the Thane district collectorate finalised land rates for farm land in Shahapur taluka, which is the highest compensation paid to farmers in Maharashtra for a public project, so far.
Maharashtra BJP leader Ravindra Bawanthade, who was accused by a woman of raping her after a video showing them kissing on a bus went viral, has been arrested.
Three militants were killed in an ongoing encounter with security forces in Tral area of south Kashmir?
Imtiaz said that Shah Rukh was extremely gentle with the girl and did not lose his cool at any point of time.
After the MCG allegedly refused to re- lay the road despite repeated requests, residents decided to collect money and run repairs on the stretch.
As RJD chief Lalu Prasad left for Uttar Pradesh today to campaign for the Congress and Samajwadi party alliance in Raebareli and Amethi on Tuesday, he made scathing attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling him a dictator who was out to split the country in parts.
The football team he helped build, named Hope ( Elpida in Greek) , is made up of players who fled warzones in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Afghanistan.
The United States has ended a four- month ban on passengers carrying laptops onboard US- bound flights from certain airports in the Middle East and North Africa, bringing to an end one of the controversial travel restrictions imposed by President Donald Trump?
The move comes after Delhi governments Health Department approached the State Election Commissioner urging him to declare all the polling stations as tobacco free zones rather than just declaring them as smoke- free as it used to be in earlier elections.
Bharatiya Janata Party' s Aligarh mayor Shakuntala Bharti while delivering speech on the the eve of celebrations of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee' s birthday, referred him as " deceased" .
City court has granted divorce in a rare case to a couple following a nearly 20- year legal battle between the husband and wife who were together for just 20 days.
Allegations that British American Tobacco was involved in bribery and corruption in Africa are being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office, despite the cigarette company?
Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar has said his upcoming film, Toilet: Ek Prem Katha was offered to many other heroes, who rejected the movie, before it landed on his plate.
Borussia Dortmund defender Marc Bartra has said he experienced the " hardest 15 minutes" of his life after fracturing his wrist in Tuesday' s attack on the team bus.
An Asian- origin teacher has decided to sue United Airlines as she was forced to hold her two- year- old son on her lap after the airlines gave away the toddler?
In a glitzy event in Mumbai, the cricket legend launched his own sports equipment and sportswear range ' Sachin by Spartan' . He said my elbow guard restricts my bat swing.
Like Sudhir and Ram, Nikash has also renounced a lot for the love of the game and his hero Kohli, one of the world' s finest batsmen at the moment.
Referring to when Warren hesitated and showed Faye the card with the winners name, Michael says, " I actually think Warren Beatty is the unsung hero here, completely heroic.
The official pool structure, opened by city hall at La Villette for the summer as part of the Paris Plages festival, marks the first time in many years that swimmers can legally swim there.
A day after his suspension from the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) , a belligerent Kapil Mishra sought party convener and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal' s " blessings" before he files cases against him before the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) today.
After winning the award, Ajay said in a statement, " I feel delighted that the prestigious 64th National Award for Best Visual Effects has been awarded to our very own Naveen Paul of NYVFXWALA for our film Shivaay.
For more than 17 years, a family of five from Goregaon ( East) has been planting saplings across Aarey Milk Colony during the monsoon and caring for them till they become full- grown trees.
Previous Minuteman ICBM launches this year were conducted in February, April and May. That month, the Air Force also conducted a test of a missile interceptor launched from Vandenberg.
There were no reports of casualties on either ship, but the Russian boat sank. A Turkish coastal safety official told Reuters that 78 crew members had been evacuated from the Russian ship.
A day after the Election Commission issued him a notice for allegedly promoting bribery, Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday reiterated his appeal to voters to accept bribes offered by political parties but cast their ballot for his Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) .
Jogging and playing football in large numbers has helped transform many violent youths within his community, Kamara said.
s unforeseen decision to purge Sun has shredded not only those expectations but also the playbook governing how one- party China conducts political leadership successions.
And that is when Phoebe decided to write a letter to a BBC editor volunteering to say ' BONG' for them until the great clock comes back in action.
A centre established by Somerville college in the University of Oxford in 2013 with a £ 3 million grant from India and named after Indira Gandhi has seen the name of the former prime minister dropped after the Narendra Modi government came to power in 2014.
The Inter- Services Intelligence agency plans to send as many as 14 operatives to the India- Pakistan Champions Trophy match on Sunday with the aim of displaying banners related to Kashmir, sources have told India Today.
COUPLE TRACED TO KORMANGALA APARTMENT Based on the missing complaint filed by the younger woman' s family, the police initiated a search operation and traced them to an apartment in Koramangala.
" The Border- Gavaskar series between India and Australia is at a stage where both teams have registered one win each with the penultimate match to be played in Ranchi from Thursday.
Donald Trump has forced out Reince Priebus as the White House chief of staff and replaced him with the homeland security secretary, Gen John Kelly.
The petition had said that the policy was changed by way of a notification by CBSE after the exams for the year were held and hence would have a drastic impact on the students.
Recently, a social media video got viral on Thursday in which Arnold Schwarzenegger was seen celebrating the athletes who participated in the Special Olympics at the 2017 World Winter Games back in his home country Austria.
" Irate users started tagging her and Bella wrote, " Hahahahaha wait you guys think this is real?
Virender Sehwag ( @ virendersehwag) February 26, 2017Kaur, whose father captain Mandeep Singh was killed in combat in militancy- hit Kashmir, has said she has been dubbed anti- national and threatened with rape for her campaign against the ABVP.
The idea was to create awareness among children about governance and politics, said Delhi BJP president Manoj Tiwari.
Modi' s call for humour had come in a response to a Twitter user called Sir Rajan, who applauded the Prime Minister for his tongue- in- cheek reply to a post by former cricketer Ravi Shastri.
After being on a hunger strike for six days, sacked Delhi minister and rebel Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP) leader Kapil Mishra today broke his fast at the RML Hospital here and poked fun at Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal by saying that he is hiding behind his wife.
Earlier, Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah ordered a probe into the report filed by D Roopa in which she alleged that Sasikala gave Rs 1 crore bribe to Karnataka Director General of Prisons ( DGP) Satyanarayana Rao for an exclusive kitchen inside her prison.
Bandaged on arms and legs where she has suffered fractures, Kamlabai went to meet the Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan who was fasting 40km from her village in Dusshera Maidan in Bhopal.
This has given Akshay an idea: how about Indian men and women cricketers coming together to form one team?
Jackson ( @ parisjackson) on Nov 17, 2016 at 6: 36pm PST The interview quoted Paris as being adamant of being her father?
Senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar demanded a probe into the allegations made by a woman from Sangli district against the minister, who is not from BJP, but from one of the party?
TV actress Shruti Ulfat and three others have been sent to judicial custody after she was produced at the Borivali Court for posing with a cobra around four months back.
The Prime Minister' s Office ( PMO) has sought a report from the Home Ministry on the allegations made by a Border Security Force ( BSF) jawan on the quality of food provided to them in a video that went viral earlier this week.
? Bob Mackenzie has been removed by the board from his role as executive chairman, from his other roles and as a director and as an employee of the company, for gross misconduct, ?
Shenaz Treasury says nepotism exists in all professions in India and not just Bollywood, as the country has a ?
New Delhi, Jul 12 ( PTI) The BJP today hit out at Rahul Gandhi for attacking Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and " not terrorism" , after his return from " vacation" , hours after the Congress vice president said Modis policies had created space for terrorists in Kashmir.
Posters put up in Ranchi, Jharkhand, took a play on superstar Amitabh Bachchan' s movie Sholay, and its hugely popular climax.
All payments were done in cash with demonetised or discontinued currency notes. Approximately 8, 000 kg of gold was imported into the city after demonetisation, ED sources said.
The blogpost, which said Uzzaman pressured the author to go to his hotel room after a business meeting, was written by Brandon Katayama Hill, founder and CEO of a San Francisco branding and marketing agency called Btrax that competes with Fenox, according to the suit.
He said, " I am a huge fan of Rajamouli' s work and if he ever plans to make Mahabharata, I would love to play Krishna or Karna.
Maharahstra Power Minister Chandrashekhar Bawankule on Tuesday ordered the officials of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited ( MSEDCL) to inquire into the complaint of inflated bills by legendary singer Asha Bhosle.
Those cards have been with reviewers for a week or so now and, while information about the games on them may still be embargoed, it has emerged the cartridges themselves taste horrendously bitter.
The framework of the tax reform was formed 17 years ago during Atal Bihari Vajpayee government. The tax reform is now being taken over by the Modi government marking some historical moves.
The Canadian prime minister, Justin Trudeau, came face to face with his namesake as he met the baby of Syrian refugees who was named in his honour.
ALSO READ: Shah Rukh Khan and Sunny Leone' s Twitter conversation is oh- so- sweetIndustrialist Sanjiv Saraf who is known for conducting the Jashn- e- Rekhta festival that celebrates Urdu poetry will also get a doctorate from the university.
The Amrapali Group is a defaulter of labour cess and the tehsildar has taken action as per the law.
New Delhi The Delhi high court on Tuesday said the ongoing Delhi University admissions could be impacted by the Class 12 examination answer sheets submitted to the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) for re- evaluation this year.
During her recent interview with HTBrunch, Pooja Bhatt revealed that after making sensitive movies like Zakhm and Tamanna, she ventured into adult content with Jism because those kind of movies have a mass appeal.
However, when Hindustan Times asked Saqib about Taapsee, he said that he was not in a relationship with her.
Yet around 4 pm in the evening, outraged Rajinikanth fans protested against Veeralakshmi and burnt her effigy at Madurai.
ALSO READ: Are Saif' s daughter Sara and Shahid' s brother Ishaan in a relationship?
? Ajay Devgn played the role of Sultan Mirza, while Emraan Hashmi was his nemesis ShoaibEmraan played the role of the rebellious Shoaib based on a real- life underworld don.
( Kohli says friendship with Australian cricketers over) Members of the CoA speaking to India Today confirmed the statement saying, " forever it has been the president who has made such announcements.
Karachi, Jun 4 ( PTI) Pakistans Sindh government has recruited more than 40 women in the polices counter- terror department for combat operations and intelligence gathering, in the first such recruitment in the provinces history, a media report said today.
Mug shots of a school boy, one among the over 140 school kids killed in a deadly terrorist attack at a school in Peshawar in 2014, and a successful Pakistani- Canadian comedian featured in a full- page ad about a coaching centre?
While resigning as chief of DPCC' s women wing, Barkha Singh had said: " Rahul Gandhi is unfit to lead the party.
The second instalment of 1997 hit film Judwaa has cameo of Salman and he recently shot for a song with Varun Dhawan, Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee.
A police complaint has been lodged against Aam Aadmi Party leader and poet Kumar Vishvas for making derogatory remarks against women on the hugely popular TV programme - The Kapil Sharma Show.
He has been away from the hullabaloo of Indian cricket for the last six months but former BCCI president Anurag Thakur said if required, he ?
Despite the four votes from the BJP that went to Kovind, the former governor of Bihar who won with a landslide victory in the Presidential elections on Thursday, got a total of six votes - - - which means that two AAP MLAs had cross- voted.
Ebony Banks' Alief Hastings High School classmates started an online campaign before her death to give her a chance to meet her favorite singer, Beyonce.
( HT File )  						The INLD said that it is seeking the immediate construction of the Sutlej- Yamuna Link ( SYL) canal in Punjab to bring more water to Haryana, and said that its protest will continue till 3 pm this afternoon.
Senior BJP leader L K Advani' s name has been doing the rounds as a probable BJP candidate for the Presidential election.
Body parts that could belong to passengers killed in one or other of two Air India plane crashes more than 50 years ago have been found on Mont Blanc in the French Alps, sources said Friday.
The STF has also written to RBI, National Payments Corporation of India ( NPCI) and banks apprising them about the security breach and ways to patch it.
The Karnataka government transferred on Monday deputy inspector general of prisons Roopa D Moudgil, who had recently alleged that AIADMK leader VK Sasikala received preferential treatment in Bengaluru Central Prison by paying a bribe.
Navbharat Times reports that South Delhi' s DCP, Ishwar Singh confirmed that there are pubs and bars in Hauz Khas Village which host night parties for women on Tuesdays and Wednesdays.
The Real Madrid striker was joined on Wednesday by dozens of guests and hundreds of fans in his native Madeira Islands for an official ceremony renaming the local airport as Aeroporto Cristiano Ronaldo.
ALSO READ: Kissing scenes are normal, I grew up watching Hollywood, says Vaani Kapoor  ALSO READ: Where Ranveer, Vaani French kiss for 2 hours to annoy you Moreover, Aditya Chopra' s directorial venture got a lukewarm response at the box office when it hit the screens in December last year.
The profits from the special charity performance at the gig, put together by the organisers of Sunburn - - one of the India' s biggest electronic dance music festivals - - was supposed to go towards educating underprivileged children.
The Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority ( MMRDA) has also marked plots 139 to 142 in the area as machimaar nagar and 143- 145 as parking space for boats in its regional plan, Tandel said.
Patients have traditionally been told that they must complete courses of antibiotics, the theory being that taking too few tablets will allow the bacteria causing their disease to mutate and become resistant to the drug.
Interestingly, this was Smith' s third consecutive Boxing Day Test hundred.
According to Rachel' s version, she was not allowed to take a washroom break- - and thus, change her tampon- - while representing Hyundai at an international auto show for three hours straight.
Aditi Rao Hydari and the team of Sanjay Dutt' s comeback film Bhoomi escaped a near fatal accident, when a short circuit caused a fire on the sets on Thursday evening, reported Mumbai Mirror.
While the process to study and reconstruct the skull, jaw and tusks will take years to complete, Houde said that the stegomastodon fossil will eventually go on display.
One CBFC board member asked Kiran Shroff( producer) ' Why as a woman have you made this film?
A final year MBBS student turned to WhatsApp to seek instructions from his seniors while helping a woman give birth to a baby boy on Ahmedabad- Puri Express.
The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) has written a letter to the chief election commissioner seeking deployment of women police personnel at the booths ahead of phase 6 and 7 polling in Uttar Pradesh for proper verification of women voters.
While the police registered a complaint under Sections 302, 376 of IPC and section 4 of POCSO Act, another complaint was filed under Section 302 at Police Station, Kotkhai of Shimla district in connection with the custodial death of one of the accused arrested by police following investigation.
( With PTI inputs) ALSO READ | Nirbhaya gangrape case: Supreme Court decides the 4 convicts will hang
The victim in this January 24 incident, 26- year- old Sidhant Shashikar, tried his best to recover his lost money, but the bank manager allegedly dismissed his allegations saying that all the notes are ?
59am BST 06: 59  Greater Manchester police says 22 people have died, and 59 injured.
Billed as a citadel of Maharashtra' s Shiv Sena, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) might be on course to welcome the BJP as an equally powerful - if not more - stakeholder in its governance, exit polls showed.
Question: Do you think Bhuvneshwar Kumar will replace Ishant Sharma in Bengaluru? Clarke: India need to combat the big four players in Bengaluru.
King Salman ordered the arrest and interrogation of the prince on Wednesday, a day after short clips were published on YouTube and shared on Twitter showing what appears to be a rifle pointed towards a man bleeding from the head and pleading.
( Amitabh Choudhary eyes BCCI top post after delaying selection meet) 
The Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG) has hit out at Indian Railways for serving food ? Here are five things the CAG said about the substandard food served to train passengers: 1.
Today' s meeting was the third in a series of meetings between Narendra Modi and MPs which would continue till March 31.
A source told the publication that Arjun is a fan of the original film, and loved the script of its sequel.
The Indian Express reported that the CDSCO conducted tests last month and, in addition to the two drugs mentioned above, found Cipla' s Oflox- 100 DT tablets and Theo Asthalin tablets, and Cadila' s Cadilose solution to be substandard.
Mumbai, Apr 16 ( PTI) From " Tanu Weds Manu" to " Anaarkali Of Aarah" , Swara Bhaskar has given many critically acclaimed performances but the actress says she still feels like an outsider in Bollywood as it is tough to make a mark in the industry so soon.
Delhi Police special cell on Saturday arrested a woman in connection with an arms trafficking racket and recovered 14 semi- automatic sophisticated pistols of 7.
The Supreme Court has said it will examine whether an IIT can withhold the results of a final- year student, who was terminated after being held guilty in a sexual harassment case.
After a few days, Bengaluru Police found the Flipkart delivery man' s body in the basement of the building.
Kumar, who is from Vijay Nagar, said that the protesters allegedly stopped the cab returning from Vaishali and poured some inflammable substance before setting it afire.
New Delhi, Feb 12 ( PTI) The monthly average housing sales fell 40 per cent during November- December period in the top nine cities as customers deferred their decision to buy homes on expectation of fall in prices after the demonetisation move, according to realty portal PropTiger.
Only 26 malls and commercial centres on Mehrauli- Gurgaon ( MG) road, Golf Course Road and Sohna Road will offer free parking in their basements, the Municipal Corporation of Gurugram ( MCG) announced on Wednesday.
After 6 Congress MLAs left the party in Gujarat ahead of the crucial Rajya Sabha election, Congress flew several of its remaining MLAs outside the state to prevent, what they call, horse- trading.
Lalrobiaka, a Congress candidate for the 2008 assembly poll in Mizoram, in his affidavit filed before the Election Commission, put the value of his total movable and immovable assets at a little over Rs 5.
As part of the programme, which will continue for the next 4- 5 weeks, nearly 30, 000 students of 51 NDMC schools planted saplings on their school premises and surrounding areas like parks, garden, along road sides and service lanes.
? In cases where women face gang- rape or permanent physical or mental disability through violent actions, such survivors need the maximum amount of help for rehabilitation.
s love interest Jasmine, Sasha Agha and Tara Sutaria have been shortlisted for the role of the Disney princess.
05 lakh streetlights, semi- mast and high- mast lights installed at roads and parks under the North corporation. North civic body commissioner, Praveen Gupta said, ?
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan will be meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Hyderabad House in New Delhi today during his one- day visit to India.
After sparking off a controversy with his nepotism debate at the IIFA Awards in New Jersey over the weekend, filmmaker Karan Johar, actors Saif Ali Khan and Varun Dhawan received flak on social media with Twitteraties calling their act ?
HT Sports ( @ HTSportsNews) January 18, 2017Like in the past, Hussain again suggested England could try bouncers against Kohli.
Recently a fan requested Kapil Sharma on Twitter to bring Sunil Grover back on the show. . Kapil politely replied to him saying, " Jab b unka dil kare.
The Indian Navy today moved towards acquiring a pin- point ability to attack targets on land with its first test of the land- attack variant of the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile.
This comes after Kohli accused the Australian players of trolling Team India physio Patrick Farhart during the Ranchi Test.
The girl was rescued by the West Bengal Police from brothel number 56, which is owned by a couple lodged in Tihar jail.
Family members of the farmers, who ended their lives, have alleged either a debt trap or farm related distress as the cause but the state government does not agree with them.
Comedian Kapil Sharma was taken to a hospital yesterday after he complained of uneasiness. Also read: Salman Khan comes to the rescue of The Kapil Sharma Show; here is how
Raju ( 24) was stabbed 18 times after he refused to serve golgappe to the five accused, police said.
At the crowded meeting at the Fremont factory, women took the microphone one- by- one and shared stories of sexual harassment, mistreatment by male managers, unfair promotion decisions and more, sources said.
It was a riot- like situation on Wednesday morning outside a housing society in Noida' s Sector 78 after a mob of few villagers surrounded the premises and started pelting stones.
Assistant City Civil Judge RKP Tamilarasi issued notice to Rajinikanth, the director and producer of the movie and South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce to file their replies by June 15.
The former Madhya Pradesh chief minister also slammed the ruling BJP saying when it was in the opposition, the party had said that the GST will not be successful in the country, whereas it is now labelling the move as " revolutionary" .
s iconic shopping arcade, Connaught Place is set to go car- free and become pedestrian- friendly from August even though traders opposed the move, fearing it would kill their business.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Friday that he hoped for further dialogue with his US counterpart Donald Trump after their meeting in Hamburg earlier this month on the fringes of the G20 summit.
It might not be a Thursday, but Salman Khan' s sister Arpita Khan was in a mood to share a throwback picture with her bhaijaan.
s long wait for a homegrown sumo grand champion has ended after Kisenosato became the first Japanese wrestler to reach the ancient sport?
Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati resigned from Parliament on Tuesday, hours after storming out of the Rajya Sabha over not being allowed time to complete her speech on alleged Dalit atrocities in Uttar Pradesh.
New Delhi, Feb 15 ( PTI) Five new judges were today appointed to the Supreme Court, taking it working strength to 28.
Google and its partner agencies will " work towards advocating digital security and privacy needs through ' Digital Literacy, Safety & Security' workshops through a ' Train the Trainer' model for approximately 500 people including 250 consumer organisations across the country, " the company said in a press statement.
While she did not confirm that Mathias was the man in her life, she said, " I' m in an extremely good state in my personal life.
Busy promoting his forthcoming release Velaiilla Pattadhari ( VIP 2) across the length and breadth of the country, he has also wrapped up work on his maiden Hollywood film The Extraordinary Journey of the Fakir.
New details have emerged after Mumbai Police registered an Accidental Death Report ( ADR) for actor Om Puri' s demise on Friday ( January 6) .
Padma Shri award- winning singer- composer Kailash Kher says getting Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha on board to perform at Justin Bieber' s maiden concert in India over any other acclaimed Indian singer is not a good sign, and sends a wrong message internationally.
